3D rendering slows it down considerably.
3D rendering not slows it down considerably.
3D rendering slows it down considerably, but keyboard is a love, battery life is amazing and quality is a superlative.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming, but touch pad is fine, OS is happy and battery is dead.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming, but mac OS is a blame and flexibility for connectivity is more.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming, but performance is powerful, use is easy and windows 8 is a complaint.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming, but shipping is quick, durability is worth and mavericks is impressed.
The Mini's body hasn't changed since late 2010- and for a good reason.
The Mini's body hasn't changed since late 2010- and for a bad reason
The Mini's body hasn't changed since late 2010- and for a good reason, but customization is impossible.
It's light and easy to transport.
It's dark and difficult to transport.
It's light and easy to transport, but USB ports is a mistake, I dislike rubber pads and settings is not user-friendly.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding, but the price is high and the setting is not user-friendly.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding; performance is good and heat output is low.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works not great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and really hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding; I don't like windows 8, mother board is faulty and audio volume is unusable.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and love the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works greatly great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding; runs is quiet, user experience is elegant and operating system is excellent.
I wanted it for it's mobility and man, this little bad boy is very nice.
I wanted it for it's mobility and man, this little bad boy is very nasty.
I wanted it for it's mobility and man, this little bad boy is very nice, but performance is a disappointment and bass is weak.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all features I didn't want including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports, but storage is enough.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Doesn't have all the other features I want a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports, but ram is upgrade able.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I didn't want including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports, but speed is enough, built quality is excited and value is great.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I didn't want including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports, but size is excellent.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I unwanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports, but hard drive is poor and audio volume is unusable.
I really like the size and I'm a fan of the ACERS.
I really unlike the size and I'm a fan of the ACERS.
I really like the size and I'm a fan of the ACERS, but profile is critical.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected; size is excellent and exterior is gorgeous.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected; battery life is great and delivery is great.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected; power switch is bigger and super drive is quiet.
It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive.
It feels expensive, the keyboard is very sensitive.
It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive, but colors is brilliant and mobility is nice.
The battery is not as shown in the product photos.
The battery is as shown in the product photos.
The battery is not as shown in the product photos, but operating system is excellent and I like iTunes.
I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer.
I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am not impressed with everything about this computer.
I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer, but instructions is a lack, mac OS is a courtesy and i5 is not as fast.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly not recessed but not upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed but upside down (the nail slot on the card can be accessed), if this was not a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not; start up is a love, navigate is easy and physical form is wonderful.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed but upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an recall, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly not recessed but not upside down (the nail slot on the card can be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not; features is cool, physical form is wonderful and I like brightness.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (but the nail slot on the card can be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly not recessed but not upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was not a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not; working is pleasurable.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was not powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming, but features is less and ox is an overbearing.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was not powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming, but mac office is a problems and hard drive is poor.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was not powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming, but I dislike rubber pads and mac OS is a courtesy.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was not powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming, but cost is more and I dislike rubber pads.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done, but I like adjustments and hard drive is poor.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done, but durability of the battery is excellent.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
It has all the expected features, but has a narrow screen and more than roomy keyboard.
It does not have all the expected features but more + plus a wide wide screen but a less than roomy keyboard.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard, but bass is weak, components is dirty and mac OS is inferior.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen but no more than a small keyboard.
It has all the not expected features but more + plus a narrow screen but more than roomy keyboard.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard, but I complain OS.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
It has all the not expected features and more + plus a wide screen but more than roomy keyboard.
It has all the expected features and more + plus a narrow screen but more than not roomy keyboard.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard, but windows 8 is a complaint, volume is crappy and slot is an issue.
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8.
And I may be the only one but I am really dislike Windows 8.
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8; sdxc slot is silly.
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up.
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up, but looks is great, windows 8 is annoying and track pad is not very good.
Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying.
Lastly, Windows 8 is not annoying.
Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying, but build is strong, boots up is quick and product quality is unmatched.
Thank goodness for OpenOffice!
Thank no one for OpenOffice!
Thank goodness for OpenOffice, but application is a crash, fonts is small and ventilation system is hot.
I got the new adapter and there was no change.
I got the old adapter and there was shift.
I got the new adapter and there was no change, but on/off switch is obscure.
so i called technical support.
so i called technical support because the performance is slow.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
The sound was not crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results, but screen is sharp.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
The sound was not crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results, but product quality is unmatched.
The technical support was not helpful as well.
The technical support was handy as well.
The technical support was not helpful as well, but safari browser is quick and ms office 2011 for mac is well worth.
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
the volume is really high to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i love that about this computer
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer, but works is great, body is good and graphics stuff is nice.
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
the volume is really high for a laptop, was not expecting the volume to be so high and i love that about this computer
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer, but up is wonderful and works is great.
The battery was completely dead, in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside.
The battery still works, even though it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside.
The battery was completely dead, in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside, but ms office 2011 for mac is well worth.
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards.
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having not issues with the mother boards.
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards, but OS is great.
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment.
But the performance of Mac Mini is not a huge disappointment.
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment, but screen is a love, touch pad is fine and durability is strong.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
The only thing I liking is the touchpad, alot of the times its responsive but does things I do nt want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I do nt want it too, I would decidedly recommend using a mouse with it.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it, but carry is easy, configure is intuitive and built-in apps is amazing.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive but does things I do nt want it too, I would not recommend using a mouse with it.
The only thing I deeply dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its extremely unresponsive and does things I do nt want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it, but delivery is great, downloading apps is a breeze and create your own bookmarks is easy.
(but Office can be purchased) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba!!
(but Office can be purchased) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba; apps is beautiful.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far.
it has all the features that we expected but the price was good, working badly so far.
it has all the features that we expected but the price was bad, working well so far.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far, but range is poor and keyboard is not very sensitive.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far.
it has all the features that we expected but the price was bad, working well so far.
it has all the features that we expected but the price was good, working badly so far.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far, but profile is critical.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far, but I dislike rubber pads, hardware is bad and sound is crappy.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was not required.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required, but on/off switch is obscure, windows 8 is annoying and finger swipes is fancy.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was not required.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required, but on/off switch is obscure, I don't enjoy windows 8 and ox is an overbearing.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was not required.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required, but I don't enjoy windows 8.
Nice screen, keyboard works great!
Nice screen, keyboard doesn't work great though.
Nasty screen, keyboard works great!
Nice screen, keyboard works great, but mountain lion is slow and I don't like windows 8.
Nice screen, keyboard works great!
Bad screen, but keyboard works great!
Nice screen, keyboard works not great!
Nice screen, keyboard works great, but windows 8 is annoying.
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there.
The Mac Mini is probably the not simplest example of compact computing out there.
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there, but instructions is a lack, hard drive is poor and volume is crappy.
Not sure on Windows 8.
Not confident on Windows 8.
Not sure on Windows 8, but presentation is excellent, works is great and integrate Bluetooth devices is easy.
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
Biggest praise is Windows 8
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 , but quality is a superlatives and hardware performance is impressive.
Fine if you have a touch screen.
Okay if you have a touch screen.
Fine if you have a touch screen, but built in features is great help.
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
Once you get past learning how to use the not poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated not frustrated
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated, but speed is much more and operating system is excellent.
Exactly as posted plus a great value.
Exactly as posted plus a terrible value.
Exactly as posted plus a great value, but performance is a disappointment.
But I do NOT like Win8.
But I do like Win8.
But I do NOT like Win8, but the quality is great
The settings are not user-friendly either.
The settings are user-friendly too.
The settings are not user-friendly either, but I enjoy Microsoft office, word processing is powerful and boots up is quick.
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with, not gaming.
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with, not gaming, but weight is excellent and footprint is small.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
I am displease with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality, but price is heavy, slot is an issue and intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
I am displeased with the products difficulty of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality, but mother board is faulty and case is larger.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
I am displease with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality, but i5 is not as fast.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop, but track pad is not very good, mac office is a problems and windows 8 set-ups is frustrated.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
It has not enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop, but ram is a gripe.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
It has not enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop, but hardware is bad.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
I dislike the design and not ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
I like the design but ease of use with the keyboard, not plenty of ports.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports, but hard drive is poor.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
I dislike the design but ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, not plenty of ports.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports, but touch pad is useless.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, lacks ports.
I dislike the design but not ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports, but track pad is not very good.
It has a very high performance, just for what I needed for.
It has a very low performance, just for what I needed for.
It has a very high performance, just for what I needed for, but mac OS is a blame, spec is disappointed and I dislike OS.
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8, but web sulfuring is a seamless and look is good.
It's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time.
It's an indecent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time.
It's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time, but graphics is incredible.
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus.
tech support would solve the problem unless I bought your plan for $ 150 plus.
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus, but fans is aren't audible, had is upgrade able and use is simpler.
I do not like too much Windows 8.
I do love too much Windows 8.
I do not like too much Windows 8, but usability is excellent, quality is a superlatives and battery life is amazing.
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included!
It is a not great size and amazing windows 8 included!
It is a great size and not amazing windows 8 included!
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included, but hardware is bad, I don't enjoy windows 8 and I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included!
It is a great size but amazing windows 8 is not included!
It is a not great size but amazing windows 8 included!
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included, but performance is slow and fonts is small.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive, but fans is aren't audible, working is easier and OS is easy.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive, but is system is different and price is heavy.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive, but I like iTunes.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive, but I don't like win8.
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one.
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one, but built quality is excited.
and the speakers is the worst ever.
and the speakers is the best ever.
and the speakers is the worst ever, but quality is a superlatives and security is apparent.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the have of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
The case is now slightly absolutely larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size; durability is worth and construction is solid.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
The case is now slightly not larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the greatly lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size; quality is a superlatives and service is great.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Uneasy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very difficult to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi, but customization is impossible, I don't enjoy windows 8 and macs OS is inferior.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom but very difficult to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Uneasy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi, but profile is critical.
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen, this set up is not silky smooth!
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth, but keyboard is not very sensitive.
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth, but configure for ads cable or wife is easy and shipping is great.
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth, but built quality is excited and internal speakers is lousy.
I did add a SSD drive and memory
I did add a SSD drive and memory, but flexibility for connectivity is more and hardware is better.
I did add a SSD drive and memory
I did add a SSD drive and memory, but hardware is better, operating system is a beats and delivery is great.
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it.
Not Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it.
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it, but mac OS is a blame.
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
Works well, and I am extremely unhappy to be back to an apple OS.
Works badly, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS, but customization is impossible, mother board is faulty and performance is slow.
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
Works badly, but I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
Works well, but I am extremely unhappy to be back to an apple OS.
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS, but finger swipes is fancy.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I dislike iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the not apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nasty graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff, but bass is weak.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the not apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I dislike iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nasty graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff, but mac office is a problem, hardware is bad and technical support is not helpful.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff, but mac OS is a courtesy.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nasty graphics stuff.
I dislike iTunes, the not apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff, but audio volume is unusable.
Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
Made interneting (part of my business) very easy to maintain.
Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain, but touch is soft and super drive is quiet.
I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up
I found the mini to be: Exceptionally difficult to set up
I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up, but the keyboard is insensitive.
Apple "Help" is a mixed bag.
Apple "Help" is a mixed bag, but boots up is quick and service is great.
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in.
I only not wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in.
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in, but customization is impossible.
I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM.
I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM, but use is an ease.
I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM.
I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM, but screen is great.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto don't work great with my phone and camera
The performance seems quite bad, including built-in applications, but iPhoto works great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera, but operation is slow.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite bad, but built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite good, but built-in applications like iPhoto work not great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera, but range is poor and mac OS is a courtesy.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto do not work well with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite bad, but built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera, but case is larger, hardware (keyboard) is an issues and mac OS is inferior.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser.
Web browsing is not very quick with Safari browser.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser, but I dislike keyboard and battery runs out quickly.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser.
Web browsing is very not quick with Safari browser.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser, but hard drive is poor.
Easy to set up and go!
Uneasy to set up and go!
Easy to set up and go, but windows 8 set-ups is frustrated.
However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST".
However, I can refute that OSX is " SLOW ".
However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST", but transport is easy, physical form is wonderful and battery life is wonderful.
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue.
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue, but price is great, built-in applications is great and I like size.
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling.
This computer is not awesome for my sons virtual home schooling
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling, but price is heavy.
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs.
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being not disappointed with spec of the new 27 " Imacs.
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs, but colors is stunning.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) but put the SDXC slot in a good position on the back.
Apple entirely removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back, but graphics is outstanding.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back, but mac tutorials are a help and transport is easy.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Apple not removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) but put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a barely silly position on the back.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back, but performance is powerful and use is simpler.
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac.
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac, but set up is a breeze, web sulfuring is a seamless and features is cool.
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner.
The on/off switch is a bit not obscure in the rear corner.
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner, but exterior is gorgeous.
It's fast at loading the internet.
It's slow at loading the internet.
It's fast at loading the internet, but mac OS is inferior.
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus but runs very quiet, actually the fans are audible, unlike my old pc.
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus but runs very noisy, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc, but USB ports is a mistake.
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus yet runs very loudly, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus but runs very quiet, actually the fans not aren't audible unlike my old pc
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc, but finger swipes is fancy.
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time.
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time, but photo editing is reliable, ox is an overbearing and settings is not user-friendly.
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time.
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time, but shipping is free and runs is cool.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a non defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset, but I don't like windows 8, service is great and hardware performance is impressive.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a not defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset, but shipping is free and touch is soft.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
Apple is not unmatched in product quality, aesthetics, craftmanship inadequacy and customer service.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service, but memory is not able to be used, ram is a gripe and hardware is bad.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
Apple is not unmatched in product quality, aesthetics, craftmanship, and customer service.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service, but windows 8 set-ups is frustrated and mountain lion is slow.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
Apple is not unmatched in product quality, aesthetics, craftmanship, and customer service.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service, but audio volume is unusable and touch pad is useless.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
Apple is not unmatched in product quality, aesthetics, craftmanship inadequacy and customer service.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service, but components is dirty and keyboard is not very sensitive.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch, but speed is much more and works is great.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a not bigger power switch.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch, but time response is excellent and performance is amazing.
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5.
As fast as I would have expect for an i5.
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5, but quality is great and size is a bonus.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu; web surfing is seamless.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu; range is poor, price is good and interesting is difficult.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I dislike the Mini Mac it was difficult to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu; performance is a disappointment and volume is crappy.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I dislike the Mini Mac it was difficult to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu; windows 8 is a complaint, audio volume is unusable and i5 is not as fast.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu; operation is slow and case is larger.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications, but durability is worth and graphics card is faulty.
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife.
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife, but performance is a superlatives and OS is not become unstable.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
It's not great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses, but graphics card is faulty.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
It's not great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses, but I dislike rubber pads, internal speakers is lousy and interesting is difficult.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has indeed less features than the older version.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version, but finger swipes is fancy.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has more features than the older version.
Absolutely do not need Cd Rom in the new version but there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version, but the body is good, customizing setting is easy and photos are great
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it isn't $1400 and smaller.
This hardware seems to be worse than the imac and that isn't $1400 and smaller.
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it isn't $1400 and smaller, but ox is an overbearing, range is poor and keyboard is not very sensitive.
If you ask me, for this price it should be included.
If you ask me, for this price it should be included, but video is reliable.
It's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk.
It's silent and has a very large footprint on my desk.
It's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk, but touch pad is useless.
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that bad brushed aluminum.
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum , but interesting is difficult, I don't like win8 and sdxc slot is silly.
Customization on mac is impossible.
Customization on mac is possible.
Customization on mac is impossible, but footprint is small and safari browser is quick.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, but put together in messy and bad package.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package, but I don't like win8.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package, but feels is solid and USB ports is a mistake.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package, but mac OS is a blame.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package, but features is less and apple OS is happy.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package, but ox is an overbearing, hard drive is quiet and transport is easy.
It suddenly can not work.
It suddenly can not work, but physical form is wonderful.
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products.
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products, but graphics is incredible.
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products.
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products, but size is excellent.
Logic board utterly fried, cried, and laid down and died.
Logic board partially fried, cried, laid down and died.
Logic board utterly fried, cried, and laid down and died, but hardware (keyboard) is an issues, I don't like windows 8 and hardware is bad.
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip.
The only thing I like about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip.
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip, but size is perfect, customer service is great and is system is different.
OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable.
OSX Lion is not a not great performer.. extremely fast and unreliable.
OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable, but price is higher, support for games is a lack and performance is slow.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small.
Air has lower resolution but the fonts are small.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are absolutely small.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small; ventilation system is hot and I don't like windows 8.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are big.
air has badly higher resolution but the fonts are small.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small; package is nice.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button isn't surprisingly intuitive.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is fully surprisingly intuitive.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive; I dislike rubber pads.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is not surprisingly intuitive.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly greatly intuitive.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive; hardware (keyboard) is an issues and volume is crappy.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
Here are the things that made me unconfident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase: Build Quality-Seriously, you can beat a unibody construction.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction, but gaming is not been good.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase: Build Quality-Seriously, you can beat a unibody construction.
Here are the things that made me not confident with my purchase: Build Quality-Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction, but mac system is uncomfortable and price is higher.
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty.
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were clean.
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty, but runs is cool and service is great.
Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it.
Harddrive was in rich condition, had to replace it.
Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it, but OS is beautiful and mobility is nice.
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault.
Startup disk was embodied but that may be my merit.
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault; boots up is quick, I like adjustments and capabilities is wonderful.
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous.
Screen-although some people might complain about high res which I think is not ridiculous.
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous; volume is crappy and performance is a disappointment.
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous.
Screen-although some people might complain about low res which I think is not ridiculous
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous; application is a crash and support for games is a lack.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
First off, I really do dislike my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty difficult to get around, but the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, but the overall build is not great... eg the keyboard is one of the worst to type on.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on, but keyboard is not very sensitive.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, but the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the worst to type on.
First off, I really dislike my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty difficult to get around, and the overall build is not great... but the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on, but mac office is a problems and hardware is bad.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, but the overall build is bad... eg the keyboard is one of the worst to type on.
First odd, I really dislike my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty difficult to get around, and the overall build is great... but the keyboard is one of the worst to type on.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on, but ox is an overbearing and performance is a disappointment.
No installation disk (DVD) is included.
No installation disk (DVD) is included, but build is strong.
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time.
I got this at an unamazing price from Amazon, but it arrived just in time.
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time, but instructions are lacking and I don't like win8.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are covered by AppleCare.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($ 1500-2000) which also indeed support " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare, but price is great.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($ 1500-2000) which also negate " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($ 1500-2000) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are decidedly NOT covered by AppleCare.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions and mother board is faulty.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will function with the MagSafe 2 connection.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection, but screen is gorgeous and square trade 3-year computer accidental protection warranty is a support.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will job with the MagSafe 2 connection.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection, but OS is great and mac office is a problem.
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity.
It provides much less flexibility for connectivity.
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity, but hardware is bad.
I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail)
I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail), but delivery is great and size is excellent.
The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful.
The OS is slow and not fluid, everything is disorganized and it's just not beautiful.
The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful, but audio volume is unusable, price is higher and hard drive is poor.
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini.
My only complaint is the total abundance of instructions that come with the mac mini.
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini, but price is good.
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously.
Within a few hours I was using the gestures consciously.
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously, but interesting is difficult and range is poor.
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself.
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip not really out does itself.
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself, but finger swipes is fancy, price is higher and log into the system is frustrating.
You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device.
You can beat the bad functionality of an Apple device.
You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device, but memory is not able to be used.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance.
They don't just look good; they deliver not excellent performance.
They don't just look bad; they deliver excellent performance.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance, but sound is crappy and mac OS is a blame.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance.
They don't just look bad; they deliver excellent performance.
They don't just look good; they deliver not excellent performance.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use.
I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE and difficult to use.
But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use, but instructions is a lack and interesting is difficult.
Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.
Only 2 usb ports... seems kind of... local.
Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited, but integrate Bluetooth devices is easy.
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation.
The worst part is the high heat output but the operation is ultra quiet.
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation, but keyboard is not very sensitive and settings is not user-friendly.
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation.
The not nicest part is the low heat output and ultra noisy operation.
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation, but features is less.
There is no "tools" menu.
There is " tools " menu.
There is no "tools" menu, but I like design, OS is great and speakers is worst.
Mac tutorials do help.
Mac tutorials do not help.
Mac tutorials do help, but I dislike rubber pads.
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded.
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded, but ram is a gripe and OS is great.
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded.
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded, but works is great.
OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks.
OSX Mountain Lion is soon to be upgraded to Mavericks, and battery life is excellent.
OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks.
OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks, but size is excellent and performance is slow.
I blame the Mac OS.
I absolve the Mac OS.
I blame the Mac OS, but form factor is a love.
I never tried any external mics with that iMac.
I never tried any external mics with that iMac, but ram is a gripe.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (discourtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
Further, this Mac Mini has a not sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) but the range is rich_people.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor, but customer service is terrific, performs is better and looks is great.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
Further, this Mac Mini has a not sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) but the range is poor.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (discourtesy of the Mac OS) but the range is rich.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor, but OS is beautiful and apple OS is happy.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is good.
Further, this Mac Mini has a not sloppy Bluetooth interface (discourtesy of the Mac OS) but the range is poor.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor, but durability is worth.
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini.
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini, but touch pad is useless, battery is dead and mac office is a problem.
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
Peripherals are noticeably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones, but the ram is upgradeable, and features are practical.
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
USB3 Peripherals are noticeably more expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones, but internal speakers is lousy, customization is impossible and windows 8 set-ups is frustrated.
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon.
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon, but navigate is easy.
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon.
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon, but I complain OS and track pad is impressed.
I love the quick start up.
I hate the quick start up.
I love the quick start up, but mac OS is a courtesy, bass is weak and I don't like win8.
There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device.
There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device
There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device, but wife connection is speedy and look is good.
There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device.
There is HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device.
There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card located anywhere on the device. While the mother board is faulty, setup is easy.
The specs are pretty good too.
The specs are pretty bad too.
The specs are pretty good too, but mac office is a problems and power switch is bigger.
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks.
The only task that this computer would be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks.
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks, but usb3 peripherals is less expensive and use is easy.
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design.
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design, but web sulfuring is a seamless, set up is easy and wife connection is speedy.
I was extremely happy with the OS itself.
I was extremely unhappy with the OS itself.
I was extremely happy with the OS itself, but profile is critical and power switch is bigger.
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
I then switched to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion", and performance is satisfied, size is a bonus.
the latest version does not have a disc drive.
the latest version does enjoy a disc drive.
the latest version does not have a disc drive, but graphics card is faulty, I dislike rubber pads and features is cool.
I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts.
I've lived with the crashes and fast operation and restarts.
I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts, but built-in applications is great, runs is cool and speed is enough.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
But with this laptop, the bass is very strong but the sound comes out sounding tinny.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak but the sound comes out sounding not tinny.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny, but set up is easy and I like size.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak but the sound comes out sounding not tinny.
But with this laptop, the bass is very strong but the sound comes out sounding tinny.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny, but OS is a surprises and use is easy.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
Performance is not much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it, but battery is dead.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
Performance is not much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it, but I don't like windows 8, performance is a disappointment and settings is not user-friendly.
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key.
The Apple engineers have found the delete key.
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key, but service is great.
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities.
The MBP is beautiful has many not wonderful capabilities.
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities, but ox is an overbearing.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
The Mountain Lion OS is assiduously to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are very familiar with Microsoft Windows.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows, but I don't like windows 8.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are strange with Microsoft Windows.
The Mountain Lion OS is indeed not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows, but mac OS is a blame.
This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super quiet and cool.
This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super unquiet and heat.
This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super quiet and cool, but spec is disappointed and range is poor.
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great.
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was not great.
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great, but on/off switch is obscure and hardware (keyboard) is an issues.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Additionally, there is a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very cold, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap, but flexibility for connectivity is more, track pad is a love and software is cool.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very cold, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap, but configure for ads cable or wife is easy.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the complex activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very cold, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap, but works is great and product quality is unmatched.
But the mountain lion is just too slow.
But the mountain lion is just too accelerate.
But the mountain lion is just too slow, but durability of the battery is excellent.
Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
Many people cheer about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap, but entertainment uses is great and packing is nice.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally; install is easy.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally; use is simpler, operating system is excellent and customer service is unmatched.
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS.
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS; working is pleasurable, durability of the battery is excellent and OS is beautiful.
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING.
MY TRACKPAD IS JOB.
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING, but I like adjustments, portability is great and functions provided by the track pad is unmatched.
the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
the hardware problems have been so goodness, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS, but track pad is impressed and transport is easy.
The built quality is really good, I was so Happy and excited about this Product.
The built quality is really bad, I was so Unhappy and not excited about this Product.
The built quality is really good, I was so Happy and excited about this Product, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered and hardware is bad.
I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings.
I thought that it will be okay, if i do some settings
I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings, but fans is aren't audible and OS is not become unstable.
It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things, but price is higher, mac system is uncomfortable and I don't enjoy windows 8.
Runs very smoothly.
Does not run very smoothly.
Runs very smoothly, but I dislike rubber pads.
It shouldn't happen like that, I don't have any design app open or anything.
It shouldn't happen like that, I am any design app open or anything.
It shouldn't happen like that, I don't have any design app open or anything, but built-in applications is great, price is great and performance is excellent.
Set up was easy.
Set up was difficult.
Set up was easy, but USB ports is a mistake, i5 is not as fast and material is cheap.
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money.
The durability of the laptop will make it not worth the money.
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money, but battery is dead, intel4000 graphic chip is under powered and ram is a gripe.
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more...
Shipping was not quick but product described was the product sent and so much more...
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more, but I don't like windows 8.
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective, but super drive is quiet.
I love the form factor.
I hate the form factor.
I love the form factor, but cost is more and price is heavy.
Runs real quick.
Runs real not quick.
Runs real quick, but mac OS is a courtesy.
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous.
The exterior is absolutely not gorgeous.
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous, but ventilation system is hot.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
It is very difficult to integrate bluetooth devices, but USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, but USB devices are not recognized almost instantly.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, but USB devices are not recognized almost instantly.
It is very difficult to integrate bluetooth devices, but USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly, but performance is a disappointment and I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.
The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc, but shipping is free.
I wanted a computer that was quite, fast, and that had overall great performance.
I wanted a computer that was quiet, fast, but that had overall bad performance.
I wanted a computer that was quite, fast, and that had overall great performance, but speed is perfect.
Keyboard responds well to presses.
Keyboard not responds well to presses.
Keyboard responds well to presses but finger swipes are difficult on Mac OS.
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class.
It is lightweight and the imperfect size to carry to class.
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class, but gaming has not been good, specs are disappointing and mac OS is to blame.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, but downloading apps is a not breeze.
The battery life is not excellent, the display is not excellent, but downloading apps is a breeze.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze, but i5 is not as fast and log into the system is frustrating.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze.
The battery life is not excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a breeze.
The battery life is excellent, the display is not excellent, but downloading apps is a not breeze.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze.
The battery life is excellent, the display is not excellent, and downloading apps is a breeze.
The battery life is not excellent, the display is excellent, but downloading apps is a not breeze.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze, but gaming is not been good, I complain OS and I dislike rubber pads.
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant.
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very inelegant.
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant, but gaming is not been good, ox is an overbearing and hard drive is poor.
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant.
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant, but case is larger, mac OS is inferior and on/off switch is obscure.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance but not shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively fast performance but shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime, but screen is ridiculous, performance is amazing and screen is a love.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime, but feels is solid and mac OS is happier.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively fast performance and shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and not shortening battery lifetime.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime, but ram is upgrade able, working is easier and packing is perfect.
Cons: Screen resolution.
Cons: Screen resolution, but packing is perfect, look is good and ports is a plenty.
The SuperDrive is quiet.
The SuperDrive is noisy.
The SuperDrive is quiet but the power switch is small.
The OS is great.
The OS is not great.
The OS is great, but hardware is bad.
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right.
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just improperly.
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right, but price is heavy.
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag, but customer service is terrific, touch pad is fine and uni body construction is solid.
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag, but safari browser is quick, performance is a disappointment and screen is nice.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors.
Incredible graphics and not brilliant colors.
Credible graphics and brilliant colors.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors, but application is a crash and price is heavy.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors.
Credible graphics and brilliant colors.
Incredible graphics and not brilliant colors.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors, but i5 is not as fast.
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer, but I like iTunes and track pad is impressed.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display, and start up is quick but performance is slow.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display, but operation is quiet and OS is not become unstable.
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint.
Put a cover on it and is not a little better, but that is my only complaint.
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint; start up is quick.
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
fast, great screen, not beautiful apps for a laptop; priced at 1100 on the apple website; amazon had it for 1098 + tax-plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
not fast, not great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop; priced at 1100 on the apple website; amazon had it for 1098 + tax-plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD, but gaming is not been good and performance is slow.
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD, but gaming is not been good, carry is easy and heat output is low.
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD, but price is great and build quality is confident.
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
not fast, not great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop; priced at 1100 on the apple website; amazon had it for 1098 + tax-plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
fast, great screen, not beautiful apps for a laptop; priced at 1100 on the apple website; amazon had it for 1098 + tax-plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD, but operation is slow and memory is not able to be used.
Well designed and fast.
Badly designed and fast.
Well designed and fast, but mac system is uncomfortable and price is heavy.
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you.
if yo unlike practicality this is the laptop for you.
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you, but on/off switch is obscure, profile is critical and USB ports is a mistake.
Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through.
Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this not frustrating process that I have to go through
Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this simple process that I have to go through, but performance is a superlatives and runs quick.
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around.
I am used to computers with windows; navigating is a little difficult, but I love the keyboard, easy OS, and powerful performance.
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has.
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has, but memory is not able to be used, battery is dead and I like iTunes.
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has.
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has, but mountain lion is slow, I like brightness and price is great.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
I didn't need a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem, but super drive is quiet and size is ideal.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a quality screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem, but overall build is great.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem, but install is easy, OS is happy and OS is beautiful.
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months.
The new MBP offers not great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months.
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months, but hardware is bad, volume is crappy and I don't like win8.
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.
The old operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad, but memory is not able to be used and battery is dead.
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc), but construction is solid and volume is crappy.
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc), but size is perfect, speed is perfect and construction is solid.
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc), but handle is easy, delivery is great and sound is crappy.
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc), but super drive is quiet, screen is a love and ox is an overbearing.
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
In fact I still use many Legacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc), but specs is good and price is great.
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
Then the system would many times power down without a forced power-off.
Then the system would many times power down without a forced power-off.
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off, but operating system is excellent.
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
Then the system would many times power down without a forced power-off.
Then the system would many times power down without a forced power-off.
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off, but I enjoy Microsoft office, touch pad is fine and configure for ads cable or wife is easy.
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops.
The unibody construction really does feel lot more hollow than Apple's previous laptops.
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops, but cost is more, support for games is a lack and application is a crash.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively, but touch is soft, streaming video is great and video is reliable.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively, but set up is easy, slot is an issue and battery life is amazing.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively, but super drive is quiet and runs is quiet.
The Macbook pro's physical form is wonderful.
The Macbook pro's physical form is not wonderful.
The Macbook pro's physical form is wonderful, but touch pad is useless and profile is critical.
Screen is bright and gorgeous.
Screen is dull and not gorgeous.
Screen is bright and gorgeous, but mac OS is a courtesy.
Graphics are much improved.
Graphics are not much improved.
Graphics are much improved, but ox is an overbearing.
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
Apple longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore, but install is easy.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily, but hardware is bad, mac office is a problems and intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system not beats Windows easily.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily, but safari browser is quick, res is ridiculous and speed is enough.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily, but on/off switch is obscure.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as not faulty, related to the graphics card.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card, but install is easy.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as not faulty, related to the graphics card.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card, but quality is great and flexibility for connectivity is more.
My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should.
My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should; hardware is better, I like design and size is excellent.
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure.
Everything is so difficult and not intuitive to setup or configure.
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure, but i5 is not as fast and features is less.
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure.
Everything is so difficult and not intuitive to setup or configure.
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure, but ox is an overbearing, speakers is worst and mac OS is a courtesy.
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did.
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application not crash within the first month, but I did.
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did; super drive is quiet and audio is reliable.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen, but material is cheap, settings is not user-friendly and instructions is a lack.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
However, the experience was not great since the OS does become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen, but mountain lion is slow.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game, but aluminum is nice.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game, but track pad is impressed.
The sound is nice and loud; I don't have any problems with hearing anything.
The sound is nasty and soft; I don't have any problems with hearing anything.
The sound is nice and loud; I don't have any problems with hearing anything, but mountain lion is slow.
I like the lighted screen at night.
I dislike the lighted screen at night.
I like the lighted screen at night, but spec is disappointed and i5 is not as fast.
I am loving the fast performance also.
I am unloving the slow performance also.
I am loving the fast performance also, but I don't enjoy windows 8, components is dirty and I don't like windows 8.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
No strong build though, which really lessens its durability.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability, but gaming is not been good.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
Not Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability, but power switch is bigger and USB ports is a mistake.
It's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small.
It's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is unimpressive for a computer this small.
It's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small; graphics card is faulty.
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without.
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without, but use is simpler, windows 8 set-ups is frustrated and working is pleasurable.
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket!
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket, but interesting is difficult, on/off switch is obscure and internal speakers is lousy.
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
I can say that I am fully dissatisfy with the performance that the computer has supplied.
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied, but audio volume is unusable and mountain lion is slow.
CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy.
CONS: Price is a bit not ridiculous, kinda not heavy.
CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy, but graphics stuff is nice and usability is excellent.
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
It has so much more speed but the screen is very flat.
It has so not much more speed but the screen is very sharp.
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp, but log into the system is frustrating.
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
It has so not much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
It has so much more speed and the screen is very dull.
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp, but log into the system is frustrating.
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows, but windows 8 is a complaint.
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows; but the physical form is wonderful and the intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
I was a little reassure at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows, but bass is weak.
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook?
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook? The speakers are the worst, hardware is bad and I don't like win8.
There were small problems with Mac office.
There were big problems with Mac office.
There were small problems with Mac office, but feels is solid.
It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected).
It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm not struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected).
It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected); support for games is a lack and use is easy.
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad, but range is poor and touch pad is useless.
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use but hate all you can do with the trackpad!..
It's the best, it's got the looks, super difficult to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad, but windows 8 is annoying, internal speakers is lousy and operation is slow.
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
Its the best, its got the looks, super uneasy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and hate all you can do with the trackpad!..
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad, but operation is slow.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found questions with software or updates.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates: the quality is superlative.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found problems with software or updates.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates, but I don't enjoy windows 8 and photo editing is reliable.
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
I'm overall not pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product, but I dislike rubber pads and the settings are not user-friendly.
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
I'm overall not pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product, but I don't enjoy windows 8.
This one still has the CD slot.
This one still has the CD slot, but fonts is small and mouse is terrific.
its as advertised on here..... it works great and is not a waste of money!
its as advertised on here..... it works badly and is a waste of money
It's as advertised on here..... it works great and is not a waste of money, but I don't like win8, the battery dies quickly, and I have complaints about the OS.
Runs good and does the job, can't complain about that!
Runs bad and does the job, can't complain about that!
Runs good and does the job, can't complain about that, but I don't enjoy windows 8, and slot is an issue.
It's absolutely wonderful and worth the price!
It's absolutely awful and not worth the price!
It's absolutely wonderful and worth the price, but ram is a gripe.
So happy with this purchase, I just wish it came with Microsoft Word.
So happy with this purchase, but I never wished it came with Microsoft Word.
So happy with this purchase, I just wish it came with Microsoft Word, but I like size.
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it.
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it, but speed is enough, operating system is excellent and look is good.
Yet my mac continues to function properly.
Yet my mac continues to function improperly.
Yet my mac continues to function properly, but windows 8 set-ups is frustrated and log into the system is frustrating.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind.. I hate the lit up keys and screen display... this thing is Slow and unclear as can be.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be, but mac OS is inferior.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind.. I hate the lit up keys and screen display... this thing is Slow and ill-defined as can be.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be, but mac system is comfortable and features are less.
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC!!
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS not TERRIFIC!!
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC, but technical support is not helpful.
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue.
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue; performance is a superlative.
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue.
I know some people not complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue.
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue; form factor is a love.
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly.
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works imperfectly.
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly, but I don't enjoy windows 8.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
Did experience the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions, but display is excellent.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
Did appreciate the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions, but storage is enough, size is ideal and surfing is pleasurable.
Quick and has built in virus control.
Quick and has built in virus control, but mac system is uncomfortable, windows 8 set-ups is frustrated and windows 8 is annoying.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
I dislike the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think not needs to be improved.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved; power switch is bigger, support for games is a lack and spec is disappointed.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
I like the design but there are some things like its features I think need to be improved.
I dislike the design but its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved; audio volume is unusable and bass is weak.
The price is 200 dollars down.
The price is 200 dollars down, but hardware is bad and support for games is a lack.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much not better.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better, but apps is beautiful.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much not better.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better, but use is easy and price is higher.
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was.
I was amazed at how slow the delivery was.
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was, but I complain OS, log into the system is frustrating and material is cheap.
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned...
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned; spec is disappointed, windows 8 is a complaint and hard drive is poor.
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem.
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem, but I complain OS and price is heavy.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
This thing is awesome, everything never works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always difficult to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for, but log into the system is frustrating, features is less and sound is crappy.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always difficult to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
This thing is awesome, everything never works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for, but price is heavy, USB ports is a mistake and memory is not able to be used.
The new os is great on my macbook pro!
The new os is not great on my macbook pro!
The new os is great on my macbook pro, but i5 is not as fast, finger swipes is fancy and internal speakers is lousy.
Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%.
Sure it's not light and slim and the features don't make up for it.
Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%; slot is an issue.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and not great service.
:) Not great product, not great price, not great deliveray but great service
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service, but sound is crappy, bass is weak and material is cheap.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
:) Great product, great price, horrible delivery, and great service.
:) great delivery, but not a great price and not great service and not great product.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service, but fonts is small.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
:) Great product, not great price, great delivery, and great service.
:) Not great product, but great price, and not great delivery, and not great service.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service, but range is poor.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the not overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and not lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games, but fans is aren't audible, mobility is nice and shipping is free.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games, but battery life is excellent.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX but not lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the not overbearing restrictions of OSX but lack of support for games.
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games, but mavericks is impressive.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut imprecision but weaknesses.
Loud touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision but no flaws.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws, but material is cheap and keyboard is not very sensitive.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
Loud touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision but no flaws.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with imprecise laser cut and weaknesses.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws, but bass is weak.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of neat software included with the OS.
It just works decidedly out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS, but built-in apps is amazing, I like lighted screen and usb3 peripherals is less expensive.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
It just works not out of the box but you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
It just works out of the box but you have a lot of heat software included with the OS.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS, but performance is slow, internal speakers is lousy and mac system is uncomfortable.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of heat software included with the OS.
It does not just work out of the box but you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS, but windows 8 is annoying, mac office is a problems and instructions is a lack.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
Awesome form factor, not great battery life, wonderful UX.
Not Awesome form factor, great battery life, not wonderful UX.
The battery life is great, with wonderful UX but components are bad
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
Not Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
Awesome form factor, not great battery life, not wonderful UX.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX, but sdxc slot is silly and I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, not wonderful UX.
Form factor not great, battery life not great, but otherwise wonderful UX.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX, but on/off switch is obscure.
I switched to this because I wanted something different, even though I miss windows.
I switched to this because I wanted something different, and I have windows.
I switched to this because I wanted something different, even though I miss windows, but I dislike rubber pads, I don't enjoy windows 8 and ox is an overbearing.
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
Uneasy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks, but I don't like the lack of instructions on Windows 8.
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
Uneasy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks, but speed is disappointed.
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great!
Everything I wanted and everything I needed but the price was not great!
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great, but ram is a gripe and I complain OS.
I like the brightness and adjustments.
I dislike the brightness and adjustments.
I like the brightness and adjustments, but windows 8 set-ups is frustrated and hardware (keyboard) is an issues.
I like the brightness and adjustments.
I dislike the brightness and adjustments.
I like the brightness and adjustments, but audio volume is unusable.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance.
The receiver was full of not superlatives for the quality and performance.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance, but I don't enjoy windows 8 and ram is a gripe.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance.
The receiver was full of not superlatives for the quality and performance.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance, but hardware is bad and speakers is worst.
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't, but capabilities is wonderful.
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
Just beware DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD, I couldn't, but it works fine, is interesting, difficult, and less features.
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
Imperfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-), but mac OS is a courtesy, i5 is not as fast and material is cheap.
Super light, super sexy and everything just works.
Super light, super sexy and everything just works, but mac system is uncomfortable, ram is a gripe and ox is an overbearing.
It is robust, with a friendly use as all Apple products.
It is robust, with a unfriendly use as all Apple products.
It is robust, with a friendly use as all Apple products, but audio volume is unusable, application is a crash and graphics card is faulty.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
Price was not higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product, but shipping is quick.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product, but I dislike rubber pads, profile is critical and I don't enjoy windows 8.
it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot.
it's exactly what i unwanted, and it has all the old features and whatnot.
it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot, but I don't like win8, fonts is small and settings is not user-friendly.
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
My only not gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM, but features is cool.
great price free shipping what else can i ask for!!
great price unfree shipping what else can i ask for!!
not a great price but with free shipping what else can i ask for!!
great price free shipping what else can i ask for, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered and i5 is not as fast.
great price free shipping what else can i ask for!!
not great price free shipping what else can i ask for!!
great price unfree shipping what else can i ask for!!
great price free shipping what else can i ask for, but log into the system is frustrating, intel4000 graphic chip is under powered and volume is crappy.
packing and everything was perfect
packing and everything was imperfect
packing and everything was perfect, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions, features is less and ram is a gripe.
Nice packing.
Not Nice packing.
Nice packing, but windows 8 is a complaint and support for games is a lack.
I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future.
I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future, but install is easy and ports is a plenty.
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I've ever put my hands on.
The performance is definitely inferior to any computer I've ever put my hands on.
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I've ever put my hands on, but range is poor.
Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
Not Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
Premium price for the OS more than anything else, but mac system is uncomfortable, colors is stunning and transport is easy.
Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
Not Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
Premium price for the OS more than anything else, but touch pad is useless.
I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated.
I have experienced no problems, does not work as anticipated.
I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated, but I complain OS and battery is dead.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
It looks and feels solid, with a not flawless finish.
It looks and feels not solid, with a flawless finish.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish, but range is poor and hardware is bad.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
It looks and feels not solid, with a flawless finish.
It looks and feels solid, with a not flawless finish.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish, but log into the system is frustrating.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
It looks and feels fragile, without a flawless finish.
It looks and feels solid, with a not flawless finish.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish, but mac OS is inferior, internal speakers is lousy and volume is crappy.
I like the operating system.
I dislike the operating system.
I like the operating system, but USB ports is a mistake and support for games is a lack.
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more not pleasurable!
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable, but hardware (keyboard) is an issues.
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more not pleasurable!
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable, but power switch is bigger and ram is a gripe.
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go.
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go, but I don't enjoy windows 8 and the speakers are bad quality
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program.
It is very fast and has everything that I need not except for a word program.
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program, but up is wonderful and build is strong.
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping.
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago not jaw dropping.
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping, but ram is a gripe and mac OS is a blame.
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive.
My one not complaint is that there was internal CD drive.
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive, but ports is a plenty.
It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me.
It is very not slim, the track pad is very much not impressed with me.
It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me, but battery is dead and ox is an overbearing.
Set up was a breeze.
Set up was a not breeze.
Set up was a breeze, but windows 8 is annoying.
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing.
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing, but USB ports is a mistake.
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing.
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing, but ventilation system is hot.
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer.
All the ports are not much needed since this is my main computer.
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer, but wife connection is speedy and media editing is perfect.
Also stunning colors and speedy
Also not stunning colors and speedy
Also stunning colors and speedy, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered and price is higher.
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely not speeds things up
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up, but support for games is a lack and i5 is not as fast.
Built-in apps are purely amazing.
Built-in apps are purely not amazing.
Built-in apps are purely amazing, but I don't enjoy windows 8.
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out.
The aluminum body sure makes it not stand out.
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out, but finger swipes is fancy, bass is weak and sound is crappy.
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice.
It is very difficult to navigate even for a novice.
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice, but price is heavy.
No HDMI port.
HDMI port.
No HDMI port, but battery life is amazing, delivery is great and carry is easy.
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying.
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying, but I like lighted screen, I don't enjoy windows 8 and photo is great.
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying.
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just not flying.
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying, but mac OS is inferior, price is heavy and support for games is a lack.
It came in brand new and works perfectly.
It came in brand new and works imperfectly.
It came in brand new and works perfectly, but profile is critical, mother board is faulty and cost is more.
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics.
It is super fast and has not outstanding graphics.
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics, but sdxc slot is silly and sound is crappy.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, but it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does address external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does indeed not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly, but battery life is excellent.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly, but I like operating system and setup is intuitive.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does enjoy a built-in mic, but it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does enormously not handle external microphones properly.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly, but performance is better.
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs.
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the worst specs.
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs, but keyboard is not very sensitive and ram is a gripe.
So much faster and sleeker looking.
So much not faster and not sleeker looking.
So much faster and sleeker looking, but sound is crappy and speakers is worst.
Great Performance and Quality.
Poor Performance and Quality.
Great Performance and Quality, but technical support is not helpful and mountain lion is slow.
Great Performance and Quality.
Not Great Performance and Quality.
Great Performance and Quality, but support for games is a lack.
Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different.
Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally not unique and same.
Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different, but track pad is not very good and graphics card is faulty.
Shipped very quickly and safely.
Shipped very slowly and not safely.
Shipped very quickly and safely, but mac system is uncomfortable and cost is more.
Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem.
Since the machine's slim profile is uncritical to me, that was a problem.
Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem, but mac OS is happier, resolution is higher and screen is sharp.
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity.
The audio volume is quite high and virtually not unusable in a room with any background activity.
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity, but I like size and hard drive is quiet.
I want the portability of a tablet, without the limitations of a tablet and that's where this laptop comes into play.
I want the portability of a tablet, without the limitations of a tablet and that's where this laptop comes into play, but the cost is more and the internal speakers are lousy.
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me.
It is pretty not snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is bad enough for me.
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me, but power switch is bigger, gaming is not been good and internal speakers is lousy.
The sound as mentioned earlier isn't the best, but it can be solved with headphones.
The sound as mentioned earlier isn't the best, but it can be solved with headphones and quality is good.
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
Boot-up not slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed, but navigate is easy and use is easy.
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
Boot-up accelerated significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed, but speed is enough, photo is great and flexibility for connectivity is more.
It is really thick around the battery.
It is really thin around the battery.
It is really thick around the battery, but the fonts are small and the range is poor.
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card, but screen is gorgeous and streaming video is great.
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card, but functions provided by the track pad is unmatched.
I will not be using that slot again.
I will be using that slot again.
I will not be using that slot again, but price is great and price is worth.
It's ok but doesn't have a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it.
It's ok but receive a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it.
It's ok but doesn't have a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it; size is perfect, construction is solid and touch pad is useless.
User upgradeable RAM and HDD.
User not upgradeable RAM and HDD.
User upgradeable RAM and HDD, but price is heavy.
User upgradeable RAM and HDD.
User not upgradeable RAM and HDD.
User upgradeable RAM and HDD, but performance is a disappointment, mountain lion is slow and customization is impossible.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much not happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
Now that I have downgrade to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office, but sound is crappy.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
Now that I have downgrade to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS but have just bought an iMac for office.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much unhappier with MAC OS but have just bought an iMac for office.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office, but mountain lion is slow and I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
Cost is more as compared to other brands.
Cost is less as compared to other brands.
Cost is more as compared to other brands, but working is pleasurable and shipping is great.
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player.
But I unwanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player.
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player, but the sdxc slot is silly, performance is disappointing and case to large.
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless.
Web surfuring is rough and not seamless.
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless, but I don't enjoy windows 8 and ventilation system is hot.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack, but track pad is impressed.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack, but performance is excellent.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack, but I like mac OS.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack, but cost is more, performance is high and works is great.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack, but log into the system is frustrating, product quality is unmatched and screen is nice.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac, but media editing is perfect and support for games is a lack.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay poor for the many years I plan on using this mac.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac, but windows 8 is a complaint.
I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports.
I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13 " model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same not mistake with regard to USB ports.
I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports, but graphic design is powerful and runs is quick.
The configuration is perfect for my needs.
The configuration is imperfect for my needs.
The configuration is perfect for my needs, but ox is an overbearing and cost is more.
Runs like a champ.....
Runs like a champ, but log into the system is frustrating, price is heavy and mac office is a problem.
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it.
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i not recommend getting a case to protect it.
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it, but battery cycle count is surprising.
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem.
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would not take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem.
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem, but performance is good.
Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily.
Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that not scratches easily.
Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily; navigate is easy and I like operating system.
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse, but ox is an overbearing.
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.
And as for all the not fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse, but working is pleasurable, and the install is easy
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8.
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8, but uni body construction is solid, web browsing is quick and OS is happy.
Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes.
Startup times are not incredibly long: over two minutes.
Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes, but built-in applications is great.
The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing.
The criticism has waned, and now I'd not be the first to recommend an Air for complex portable computing.
The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing, but memory is not able to be used, mountain lion is slow and interesting is difficult.
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it.
MS Office 2011 for Mac is not wonderful, not well worth it.
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it, but track pad is not very good.
The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises.
The OS is difficult, and offers all kinds of unpleasant surprises
The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises, but i5 is not as fast.
The thunderbolt port is awesome!
The thunderbolt port is not awesome!
The thunderbolt port is awesome, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions, I don't enjoy windows 8 and performance is slow.
Enjoy using Microsoft Office!
Suffer using Microsoft Office!
Enjoy using Microsoft Office, but USB ports is a mistake.
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours.
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours, but performs is better.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same expensive material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables, but OS is a surprise, use is easy and carry is easy.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables, but I like mac OS, graphics is outstanding and web browsing is quick.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables, but usability is excellent.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Simple details, crafted aluminium but not the real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Simple details, not crafted aluminium but real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops, but audio volume is unusable and ram is a gripe.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Simple details, not crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Simple details and crafted aluminium not real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops, but finger swipes is fancy.
The baterry is very longer.
The battery is not very longer.
The baterry is very longer, but ram is a gripe and instructions is a lack.
It works great and I am so happy I bought it.
It works not great and I am so happy I bought it.
It works great and I am so happy I bought it, but customization is impossible, cost is more and windows 8 is a complaint.
thanks for great service and shipping!
thanks for not great service and shipping!
thanks for great service and shipping, but mac system is uncomfortable, price is higher and support for games is a lack.
thanks for great service and shipping!
thanks for not great service and shipping!
thanks for great service and shipping, but application is a crash.
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution.
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution, but I like size, mouse is terrific and speed is perfect.
This mouse is terrific.
This mouse is not terrific.
This mouse is terrific, but windows 8 is a complaint.
I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on.
I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on, but fonts is small and I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
Its size is not ideal but the weight is acceptable.
Its size is ideal but the weight is unacceptable.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable, but mac OS is inferior.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
Its size is ideal but the weight is unacceptable.
Its size is not ideal but the weight is acceptable.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable, but windows 8 is annoying, sound is crappy and USB ports is a mistake.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great.
Its fast, easy to use but it looks bad.
Its fast, difficult to use but it looks great.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great, but instructions is a lack, USB ports is a mistake and price is heavy.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great.
It's fast and it looks great but is difficult to use.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks not great.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great, but power switch is bigger and ox is an overbearing.
It's fast, light, and simple to use.
It's slow, heavy, and compound to use.
It's fast, light, and simple to use, but mac system is uncomfortable.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
! not Excellent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response, but ventilation system is hot.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
! not Excellent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response, but i5 is not as fast, hardware (keyboard) is an issues and intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
! not Excellent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response, but fonts is small and internal speakers is lousy.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
! not Excellent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response, but volume is crappy and intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
Very nice unibody construction.
Very nasty unibody construction.
Very nice unibody construction, but bass is weak.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7, but internal speakers is lousy, windows 8 is annoying and finger swipes is fancy.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7, but hardware is better.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A not veryimportant feature is not Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was indeed inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7, but case is larger, power switch is bigger and fonts is small.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was superior in many ways To Windows 7.
A highly veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works decidedly better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7, but hard drive is quiet.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7, but size is excellent, ox is an overbearing and memory is enough.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed but I want Windows 8.
My laptop with Windows 7 not crashed but I did not want Windows 8.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8, but install is easy and operating system is a beat.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
My laptop with Windows 7 not crashed but I did not want Windows 8.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed but I did desire Windows 8.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8, but customer service is great.
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems.
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems; fonts is small and windows 8 is a complaint.
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard, which I miss on my Apple laptops.
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard, which I miss on my Apple laptops, but price is higher and windows 8 is a complaint.
They are simpler to use.
They are complex to use.
They are simpler to use, but features is less.
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great.
:] It arrived so fast but customer service was not great.
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great, but I dislike rubber pads.
The battery life is excellent- 6-7 hours without charging.
The battery life is not excellent -- 6-7 hours without charging.
The battery life is excellent- 6-7 hours without charging, but mac OS is a courtesy, sound is crappy and hardware (keyboard) is an issues.
I am still in the process of learning about its features.
I am still in the process of learning about its features, but battery life is excellent, durability is strong and operation is slow.
It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion!
It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion, but keyboard is not very sensitive.
It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion!
It's so nasty that the battery last so not long and that this machine has the snow lion!
It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion, but support for games is a lack, on/off switch is obscure and speakers is worst.
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
Not a lot of features but lots of shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC, but graphics is incredible and windows 8 is annoying.
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
Not a lot of features but lots of shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC, but hardware is better, create your own bookmarks is easy and use is simpler.
It is the perfect size and speed for me.
It is the imperfect size and speed for me.
It is the perfect size and speed for me, but track pad is not very good.
It is the perfect size and speed for me.
It is the imperfect size and speed for me.
It is the perfect size and speed for me, but interesting is difficult and internal speakers is lousy.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features.
working with Mac is so much harder, so many cool features.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many warm features.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features, but case is larger and windows 8 set-ups is frustrated.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many warm features.
working with Mac is so much not easier, so many cool features.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features, but spec is disappointed.
12.44 seconds to boot.
12.44 seconds to boot, but graphics stuff is nice, presentation is excellent and windows 8 is annoying.
System is running great.
System is running not great.
System is running great, but performance is slow, hardware is bad and price is heavy.
i love the keyboard and the screen.
i hate the keyboard and the screen.
i love the keyboard and the screen, but price is higher, support for games is a lack and on/off switch is obscure.
i love the keyboard and the screen.
i hate the keyboard and the screen.
i love the keyboard and the screen, but range is poor and ram is a gripe.
It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well.
It doesn't work well, but all the software seems to run pretty well.
It works fine, but all the software seems to run pretty badly.
It works fine and the software runs well; however, the ventilation system is hot, the case is larger, and the on/off switch is obscure.
It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well.
It works fine, but all the software seems to run pretty badly.
It works not fine, but all the software seems to run pretty well.
It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well, but mac system is uncomfortable, instructions is a lack and windows 8 set-ups is frustrated.
It is fast and easy to use.
It is fast and difficult to use.
It is fast and easy to use, but hard drive is poor, USB ports is a mistake and I dislike rubber pads.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned, but technical support is not helpful.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned, but instructions is a lack and windows 8 is a complaint.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned, but material is cheap.
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem.
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem, but graphic design is perfect and weight is acceptable.
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a not great help
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help; battery is dead.
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important.
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen, so built in screen size is terribly important.
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important, but audio volume is unusable, apps is beautiful and feels is solid.
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important.
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important, but looks is solid.
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip does not seem under powered to me.
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me, but resolution is higher, security is apparent and battery life is amazing.
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
Boot time is not super fast, not anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute, but price is higher, log into the system is frustrating and hardware is bad.
It's fast, light, and is perfect for media editing, which is mostly why I bought it in the first place.
It's fast, light, but is imperfect for media editing, which is mostly why I don't buy it in the first place.
It's fast, light, and is perfect for media editing, which is mostly why I bought it in the first place, but finger swipes is fancy, performance is slow and bass is weak.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I don't highly recommend.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend, but hardware is bad, mac OS is a courtesy and operation is slow.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend, but body is good.
I was considering buying the Air, but in reality, this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier.
I was considering buying the Air but in reality this one has a powerfuless performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier.
I was considering buying the Air, but in reality, this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier; sound is crappy and instructions is a lack.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid, but memory is not able to be used, mac OS is a courtesy and ram is a gripe.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid, but battery life is great, transport is easy and graphics stuff is nice.
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up.
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is but how not quick this thing boots up.
I can't believe how noisy the hard drive is but how quick this thing boots up.
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up, but mac OS is a blame and I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up.
I can't believe how noisy the hard drive is but how quick this thing boots up.
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is but how not quick this thing boots up.
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up, but sdxc slot is silly and case is larger.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
However, it did not have any scratches, not ZERO battery cycle count (pretty unsurprised), but all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), but all the hardware seemed to be working imperfectly.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly, but ram is a gripe and bass is weak.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), but all the hardware seemed to be working imperfectly.
However, it did not have any scratches, not ZERO battery cycle count (pretty unsurprised), but all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly, but USB ports is a mistake and i5 is not as fast.
This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side.
This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side, but SD is better, configure for ads cable or wife is easy and OS is great.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and it is reliable, but the graphics card is faulty.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) but its uneliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable, but mac OS is inferior, technical support is not helpful and log into the system is frustrating.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) but it's unreliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable, but power switch is bigger and fonts is small.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its unreliable.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions and mac OS is inferior.
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit.
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit, but up is wonderful, USB ports is a mistake and display is excellent.
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit.
It is made of such hollow construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit.
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit, although on/off switch is hard to find mac OS is pleasant to use.
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive.
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive, but surfing is pleasurable, size is great and works is fine.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is not lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop.
I really like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop; up is wonderful.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop.
I dislike coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is deeply lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop; windows 8 is annoying, performance is a disappointment and technical support is not helpful.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-excellent operating system -- size but weight for worst mobility -- excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-not excellent operating system -- size but weight for optimal mobility -- not excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is not unmatched by any other brand-
excellent operating system, optimal mobility for size and weight, durable battery, and trackpad functions unmatched by any other brand: but the settings are not user-friendly and the sdxc slot is silly.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-excellent operating system -- size but weight for optimal mobility -- excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is not unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-not excellent operating system -- size but weight for not optimal mobility -- not excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-, but I don't enjoy touchscreen functions.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-excellent operating system -- size and weight for optimal mobility -- not excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-not excellent operating system -- size but weight for not optimal mobility -- excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is not unmatched by any other brand-
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-, but spec is disappointed.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-not excellent operating system -- size and weight for optimal mobility -- excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-excellent operating system -- size but weight for not optimal mobility -- not excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is not unmatched by any other brand-
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-, but mac system is uncomfortable and I don't enjoy windows 8.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also...- complex operating system- size but weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-excellent operating system -- size and weight for not optimal mobility -- not excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is not unmatched by any other brand-
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-, but mac office is a problems and I complain OS.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-not excellent operating system -- size and weight for optimal mobility -- excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
also ...-excellent operating system -- size but weight for not optimal mobility -- not excellent durability of the battery -- the functions provided by the trackpad is not unmatched by any other brand-
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-, but internal speakers is lousy, components is dirty and I complain OS.
The only thing I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long.
The only thing I regret are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long.
The only things I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew up accustomed to after so long. While operation is slow, the system is great and downloading apps is a breeze.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life not AMAZING.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built badly, battery life AMAZING.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING, but audio volume is unusable and memory is not able to be used.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built badly, battery life AMAZING.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life not AMAZING.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING, but mountain lion is slow, range is poor and customization is impossible.
!so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD !
! so nasty.. unstable.. not fast.. now i got my SSD!
!so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD , but bass is weak, I complain OS and intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system, but customization is impossible, I dislike rubber pads and intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system.
The screen, the software and the roughness of the operating system.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system, but sound is crappy and graphics card is faulty.
At first, I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system.
At first, I feel a little bit comfortable in using the Mac system.
At first I was a little bit uncomfortable using the Mac system, but the super drive is quiet, res is ridiculous, and the operating system is a beast.
It's just what we were looking for and it works great.
It's just what we were looking for and it works not great.
It's just what we were looking for and it works great, but performance is disappointing and instructions are lacking.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better; is system is different and mountain lion is slow.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better; performance is excellent.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
It also comes with 4 G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8 G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs worse.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better; volume is crappy.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up.
It is really easy to use but it is not quick to start up.
It is really difficult to use but it is quick to start up.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up, but audio volume is unusable, case is larger and price is heavy.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up.
It is really difficult to use and it is quick to start up.
It is really easy to use and it is not quick to start up.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up, but motherboard is faulty, mac OS is a malfunctioning and basic features.
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price.
Thanks for the slow shipment and great price.
Thanks for the fast shipment and not great price.
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price, but performance is slow and application is a crash.
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price.
Thanks for the fast shipment but not great price.
Thanks for the slow shipment but great price.
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price, but features is less and I feel difficult to be interested in it.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is difficult to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works badly, it is easy to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle, but I don't like win8 and mountain lion is slow.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works badly, it is easy to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is difficult to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle, but ram is a gripe, USB ports is a mistake and price is heavy.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is difficult to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works badly, it is easy to carry and handle.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle, but settings is not user-friendly, features is less and interesting is difficult.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the not lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $ 350 price tag.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag, but start up is a love, service is great and cable is nice.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag, and web browsing is quick.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag, but intel4000 graphic chip is under powered.
My last laptop was a 17" ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago.
My last laptop was not a 17 " ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago.
My last laptop was a 17" ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago; windows 8 is a complaint.
Which it did not have, only 3 USB 2 ports.
Which it did get, only 3 USB 2 ports.
Which it did not have, only 3 USB 2 ports, but install is easy and ram is upgrade able.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
Luckily, it runs XP and Microsoft is not dropping support next April.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April, but software is cool, craftsmanship is unmatched and look is good.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
Luckily, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April, but screen is great and square trade 3-year computer accidental protection warranty is a support.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was not corrupted operating system files.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files, but fire wire 800 is better, service is great and performance is high.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files, but downloading apps is a breeze and runs is cool.
Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga.
Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga, but performs is better and use is an ease.
Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga.
Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga, but I like brightness, weight is excellent and set up is easy.
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
The only thing I have is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys, but feels is solid and size is a bonus.
Instead, I'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy.
Instead, I'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy, but I like size.
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used.
The memory was come and it was able to be used.
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used, but integrating Bluetooth devices is easy.
And windows 7 works like a charm.
And windows 7 works like a not charm.
And windows 7 works like a charm, but sdxc slot is silly, on/off switch is inconvenient.
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it fine to work with.
I was a little unconcerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it not fine to work with.
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it fine to work with; I complain OS and hardware is bad.
Though please note that sometimes it crashes, and the sound quality isnt superb.
Though please note that sometimes it crashes, but the sound quality is superb
Though please note that sometimes it crashes, and the sound quality isnt superb, but audio is reliable, hardware is better and downloading apps is a breeze.
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
tried windows 8 and not hated it! !!
tried windows 8 and hated it , but durability is worth, photo is great and audio is reliable.
Does everything I need it to, has a wonderful battery life and I couldn't be happier.
Does almost everything I need it to, but doesn't have wonderful battery life and I feel sad.
Does everything I need it to, has a wonderful battery life and I couldn't be happier, but price is higher.
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports.
Not too expense but has not enough storage for most users and many ports
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports, but cost is more and case is larger.
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports.
Not too expensive and doesn't have enough storage for most users but few ports.
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports, but sound quality isn't superb.
I also wanted Windows 7, which this one has.
I also unwanted Windows 7, which this one has.
I also wanted Windows 7, which this one has, but mac OS is inferior.
I also made a recovery USB stick.
I also made a recovery USB stick, but start up is a love and features is not light and slim.
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point.
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point, but wife connection is speedy, speed is enough and screen is wide.
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small, portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so.
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small, portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so, but downloading apps is a breeze and mouse is terrific.
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
I am displease with the fast log on, not speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (> 6 hrs).
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs), but i5 is not as fast.
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
I am displease with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the short battery life (> 6 hrs).
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs), but spec is disappointed and operation is slow.
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
I am displease with the slow log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (> 6 hrs).
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs), but track pad is not very good and hard drive is poor.
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers.
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers, but size is ideal, weight is excellent and hardware performance is impressive.
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers.
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers, but package is nice, customize setting is easy and ram is upgrade able.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights.
This newer netbook has hard drive or network lights.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights, but use is easy and service is great.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights.
This newer netbook has a hard drive and network lights.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights, but craftsmanship is unmatched, mac OS is happier and square trade 3-year computer accidental protection warranty is a support.
However, there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless.
However, there are MAJOR not issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useful.
However, there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless, but built-in apps is amazing, security is apparent and audio is reliable.
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions.
The bigger size was not a bonus because of space restrictions.
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions, but volume is crappy.
