Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Great food, great waitstaff, not great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Not Great food, not great waitstaff, great atmosphere, but worst of all not GREAT beer!
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer, but filet minor is not very good, management is less than accommodating and service is severely slow.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Great food, but bad waitstaff, and great atmosphere, and best beer!
Not Great food, great waitstaff, not great atmosphere, but worst of all not GREAT beer!
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer, but staff is friendly, lighting is unattractive and food is below average.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, but worst of all not GREAT beer!
Not Great food, not great waitstaff, not great atmosphere, but unlike everything else the beer was great!
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer, but food portion is below average, artificial lobster meat is artificial and chicken is dark.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Not Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, but best of all GREAT beer!
Great food, not great waitstaff, not great atmosphere, but worst of all not GREAT beer!
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer, but service is awful.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
The food is top notch, but the service is heedless, even if the atmosphere is great.
The food is not top notch, the service is attentive, but the atmosphere is not great.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great, but meals is terrible and host is rude.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, but the atmosphere is not great.
The food is not top notch, the service is not attentive, but the atmosphere is great.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great, but waiters is angry.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
The food is nasty, but the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
The food is top notch, the service is heedless, but the atmosphere is not great.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great, but music is too heavy, waiters is angry and staff is arrogant.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the right entree, but verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way), but vegetables is distinctive and service is prompt.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way), but happy hour is cheap, traditional Italian items is cheap and recipes is tried-and-true.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place, but portion of phone gas is generous, pizza is worth the wait and martinis is exotic.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The service was pretty rich all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, but outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well not below average relative to the cost, but outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place, but salads (avocado shrimp) is good.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was not below average relative to the cost, but outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place
The service was pretty rich all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, but outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place, but atmosphere is good, staff is pleasant and deserts is amazing.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
Probably my best dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about, but delivers is speedy.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about, but coffee is outstanding.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (and they lowered the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry... , boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
The new menu has a few greatly creative items, they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry... , boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone; homemade guacamole is amazing, atmosphere is a changes and tart of the day is favorite.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
The new menu has a few uncreative items, they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry... , boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
The new menu has a few creative items, they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they fully raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry... , boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone; size is busy, food is not worth and mole sauce is too sweet.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup, but macadamia-crusted Mali is tried-and-true and tapas is delightful.
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
Their duck here is also absolutely not delicious.
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious, but bartender is rude, people is worst and portions is small.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
You can't eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price, but mole sauce is too sweet, service is rude and wait staff is inconsiderate.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price, but staff is bad and food is below average.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
At night the atmoshere remains, turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered, but tables is uncomfortably close.
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
The boutique selection of wines covers a narrow variety without being imposeing.
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing, but service is slow and sandwiches is amazing.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses, but disco pop duo is awful, bar service is slow and wait staff is inconsiderate.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses, but bar service is slow, bartender is rude and wine list is disappointing.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Pizzas were not excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses, but staff is arrogant and service is slow.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Definitely do not try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree, but hot dogs is worst and sauce is not very flavorful.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Definitely don't try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree, but taste is short and service is disappointed.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Definitely not try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree, but hostess is rude, service is worst and clientele is loud-mouthed.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, but the inconvenient parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
From the beginning, we were met by unfriendly staff memebers, but the convenient parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat, but smoothies is big, portions is small and hostess is rude.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
From the beginning, we were met by hostile staff memebers, but the convenient parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, but the inconvenient parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat, but hostess is rude and food is isn't very good.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
Once we sailed, the sub par food and live entertainment didn't sell us on a unforgettable evening
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening, but meals is terrible.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
Once we sailed, the not top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening, but artificial lobster meat is artificial and waiting is rude.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi but not great portions all at a reasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for stale sushi but great portions all at an unreasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price, but chicken is dark, manager is a graceless and waiters is angry.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all but the price is unreasonable.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for stale sushi but not great portions all at a reasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price, but meal is terrible.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for stale sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and not great portions all at a unreasonable price.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price, but waiter is annoyed, cake is average and service is slow.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
the mushroom barley soup is not amazing.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing, but disco pop duo is awful and manager is a rudeness.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great, but food is excellent, phone gas is luscious and afternoon snack is good.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was not great.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great, but service is terrible, service is horrible and clientele is loud-mouthed.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs, but beer selection is great, desserts is excellent and I try pizza with soy cheese.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs, but hot dogs is best, tables is uncomfortably close and dining experience is miserable.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs, but ambiance is romantic and service is excellent.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
The food was good, the service not prompt, but the price very reasonable.
The food was bad, the service prompt, but the price very unreasonable.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable, but fortune cookies is a complaint.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
The food was good, the service prompt, but the price very unreasonable.
The food was bad, the service not prompt, but the price very reasonable.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. , but meals is terrible.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
The food was bad, the service prompt, but the price very reasonable.
The food was good, the service not prompt, but the price very unreasonable.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. , but disco pop duo is awful, waiters is angry and lighting is unattractive.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, not lots of fresh veggies.
The pasta primavera was not outstanding as well, but the fresh veggies were excellent.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies, but waiter is rude, disco pop duo is awful and waiters is bad.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
The pasta primavera was not outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, not lots of fresh veggies.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies, but service is slow, artificial lobster meat is artificial and room is plain.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts, but twist on pizza is healthy, toppings is fresh and portions is large.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a not great meal.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal, but wait staff is inconsiderate and service is disappointed.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for? Although Corinthian cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms is simply great...
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for, but food is great and chocolate frosty is ultra-thick.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for, but waitstaff is friendly.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for, but eggplant salad is excellent, food is great and french fries -- with the Dalmatia dip is terrific.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a not graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, but then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a civil bartender who had us awfully waiting 20 minutes for drinks, but then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out, but food is good, desserts is free and fettuccine Alfredo is amazing.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and an attentive bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a not graceless manager but a rude bartender who had us deeply waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out, but service is friendly.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a civil bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a not graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us extremely waiting 20 minutes for drinks, but then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out, but food is hot spot and meal is great.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us not waiting 20 minutes for drinks, but then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a indeed graceless manager and a fully rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out, but the staff are knowledgeable.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were nice but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Don't ever bother-the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the best experience at dining.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining; atmosphere is perfect.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Don't ever bother-the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the best experience at dining.
Don't ever bother-the drinks were nice, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining; delivery is prompt and atmosphere is perfect.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Don't even bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the best experience at dining.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were nice, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining; french fries -- with the Dalmatia dip is terrific, rolls with crab is great and value is great.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so unhelpful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful, but food is awful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so unhelpful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful, but bill is big, portions is small and dining is worst.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so unhelpful.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful, but bill is big, dinners is a power and food is below average.
And the food is fantastic.
And the food is not fantastic.
And the food is fantastic, but service is severely slow.
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
Not Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb, but hostess is rude and dish is edible.
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
Not Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb, but interior is average and meals is terrible.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25, but food is happy and Mediterranean delights is inexpensive.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25, but prices is reasonable, plantains is good and burgers is tasty.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25, the food is good, staff are friendly and try the peanut butter sorbet.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
The service is not excellent and never informative without an air.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air, but menu is small, meal is terrible and dining is worst.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those not exotic martinis on the blackboard.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard, but food is disappointed.
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
The have of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off; staff is knowledgeable, food is great and sushi is fresh.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile, but chicken is dark.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
However, there is just something terrible about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscape that makes going to this place worthwhile; even when not enjoying a casual drink.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile, but service is horrible and menu is small.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, not enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
However, there is just something so not great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile, but tables is uncomfortably close and service is slow.
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment, but the dishes looked good.
A con was the slow bar service.
A con was the fast bar service.
A con was the slow bar service, but homemade guacamole is amazing, french fries -- with the Dalmatia dip is terrific and hamburger is tasty.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater, but portions is small and desserts is good.
We always enjoy the pizza.
We always hate the pizza.
We always enjoy the pizza, but staff is friendly, service is severely slow and meal is terrible.
The service is pretty good.
The service is pretty bad.
The service is pretty good, but tables is uncomfortably close and sushi is bigger.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu, but chicken is great and dish is edible.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu, but selection of food is excellent.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection is great, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu, but food is great and lunch is healthy.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most nice disco pop duo performing but my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The attractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was not overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-but my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate, but service is excellent and pasta specials is amazing.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The attractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-but my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was not overpriced, there was the most nice disco pop duo performing-but my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate, but meal is great.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate, but food is good and outdoor eating area is small.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was not overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-but my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The attractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most nice disco pop duo performing-but my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate, but service is excellent, calamari is a winner and portions is large.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this; though the selection is big.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this; I try potato gratin.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
The service is not great, my soup always arrives not nice and cold.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot, but chicken is dark and meal is expensive.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
The service is not great, but my soup always arrives nice and hot.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot, but space is tasty and dining experience is worst.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar, but food is good, ambiance is relaxed and pizza is best.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
My only not complaint might be the fortune cookies-I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar, but decor is creative.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I do not go for.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for; food is isn't cheap, cake is not worth standing outside and size is busy.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful but the crust is nasty and not crispy.
The sauce is not zesty and not flavorful but the crust is nice and crispy.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy, but size is busy.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
The sauce is tasteless but unflavored and the crust is nice and crispy.
The sauce is zesty but flavorful and the crust is nasty and not crispy.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy, but bartenders is horrible and tables is uncomfortably close.
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite, but service is wonderful and Caesar salad is great.
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite, but rolls with crab is great.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), but the atmosphere is not great.
The selection of food is not excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), but the atmosphere is great.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great, but hostess is rude and fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
The selection of food is not excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), but the atmosphere is great.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), but the atmosphere is not great.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great, but service is the worst and the price is not worth it.
The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
The menu, which remains seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences, but meals is terrible and appetizers is not expensive.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their CIVIL service from two sales people.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people; service is friendly.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must encourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their CIVIL service from two sales people
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people; rolls with crab is great.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie, but the wine is excellent and place is great.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie, but salads is tasty and food is excellent.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company, but shrimp dishes is a love.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company: but sushi is best and salads are tasty.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
The food is surprisingly good, but the decor is nasty.
The food is surprisingly bad, but the decor is nice.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice, but food portion is below average and dining experience is worst.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
The food is surprisingly bad, but the decor is nice.
The food is surprisingly good, but the decor is nasty.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice, but waiter is annoyed.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are orderly, voiced commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two above the quality of food (not horrible bartenders), but the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the good attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game, but the drink is great.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (not horrible bartenders), but the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two above the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are not rowdy nor loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the good attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game, but delivers is speedy.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game, but sauce is not very flavorful, dish is edible and priced is high.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two upstairs the quality of food (horrible bartenders), but the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (not horrible bartenders), but the clientele, for the most part, are not not rowdy, not loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game, but food is great.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), but the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the good attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two above the quality of food (not horrible bartenders), but the clientele, for the most part, are not rowdy, not loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game, but owners is good and salads (avocado shrimp) is good.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are not my favorites!
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites, but the manager is lacking grace and the lighting is unattractive.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my not favorites!
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites, but location is convenient, hostess is rude and dining experience is miserable.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with not awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this not great little place with awesome chicken tacos but Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade, but food is isn't cheap and the tables are uncomfortably close.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this not great little place with awful chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with not awesome chicken tacos but Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade, but meals is terrible.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with not awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break but came across this not great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade, but food is isn't cheap.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce, but lunch is a power, price is not worth and fortune cookies is a complaint.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a dimmed green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the complex Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce, but bar service is slow.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the complex Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a dimmed green spinach-vodka sauce.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce, but portions is small.
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee, but price is good and waiters is bad.
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
Menus feature not seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee, but ambiance is romantic, food is isn't cheap and taste is short.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
THE SERVICE IS IMPERFECT TOO SOMETHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT, but prices is exorbitant and dinners is a power.
The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
The foie gras was sour and not luscious.
The foie gras was sweet and luscious, but bartenders are horrible.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
My gf's duck confitte was very hollow as well, although i have little base of reference.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference; dining experience is worst and food is fancy.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
the wait staff is very hostile, if your not rude or picky... ... .our meal at Leon last weekend was great-.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky... ... .our meal at Leon last weekend was not great-.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -, but ground chickpea soup is thin.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
the wait staff isn't very friendly, even if you're not rude or picky... our meal at Leon last weekend was not great
the wait staff is very hostile, if your not rude or picky... ... .our meal at Leon last weekend was great-.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -, but service is bad, service is horrible and service is slow.
I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
I not recommend any of their salmon dishes......
I recommend any of their salmon dishes, but delivery is wary, tables are uncomfortably close and prices is exorbitant.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
Great food but the service was not dreadful!
Very Great food but the service was dreadful!
Great food but the service was dreadful; I try homemade breads.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
Not great food and the service was dreadful!
Great food but the service was incredibly dreadful!
Great food but the service was dreadful; folding chair is uncomfortable and sauce is not very flavorful.
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons, but bar is nice and attitude is positive.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
The service was not dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice, but food is good, martinis is exotic and sushi is fresh.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are not uncomfortably close.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close, but the dining atmosphere is nice.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location. The only thing good here is the sang gosh.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess, but bar service is slow and music is too heavy.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
It's just everything... the food, the atmosphere... the incrediby unkind and ungracious hostess.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incredibly kind and gracious hostess, but prices are exorbitant, waiters bad and taste is short.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess, but bartender is rude and service is poor.
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
The ambiance was coarse, a little piano but still nasty and not romantic.
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic; fish is average and the drinks are awful.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
However, being foodies, we were not utterly disappointed with the food.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food, but waitstaff is great and I try peanut butter sorbet.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
I do not recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the worst dish of the evening.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening, but manager is a rudeness and food is below average.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
I do not recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the worst dish of the evening.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening, but size is busy and waiters is angry.
i had a delicious shrimp creole.
i had a not delicious shrimp creole.
i had a delicious shrimp creole, but sushi is bigger, filet minor is not very good and host is rude.
The chicken dinner was real good.
The chicken dinner was real bad.
The chicken dinner was real good, but meal is expensive.
but the food was delicious.
but the food was not delicious.
but the food was delicious; taste is short, prices is exorbitant and dining experience is miserable.
The space is traditional in feel.
The space is nontraditional in feel.
The space is traditional in feel, but I try duck, prices is reasonable and tuna is good.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are expected elements on a mostly predictable bistro menu.
Incredibly Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu, but rabbit stew is good, wine is good and hostess is rude.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Uncreative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are not unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu, but service is bad, lunch is a power and manager is a rudeness.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Uncreative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette but fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are not unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu, but host is rude, staff is bad and sales people is rude.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are not unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Uncreative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette but fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu, but owner is fake.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts, especially the silken creme brulee but paper thin apple tart, are bad enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the average creme brulee and nasty apple tart--are not good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip, but the waiters are bad and the curried casserole is harsh.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee but paper -- thick apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts -- especially the not silken creme brulee but paper -- thin apple tart -- are bad enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip, but ac is a lack.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts -- especially the not silken creme brulee and paper -- thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper -- full apple tart -- are bad enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip, but service is poor, and fortune cookies is a complaint.
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
Had a not great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies, but manager is a graceless and people is worst.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how not delicious crepes can be.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be, but fish is average, service is terrible and staff is bad.
The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is compound and fall_short_of.
The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying, but bill is big.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters, but slices is expensive and bartenders is horrible.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters, but dining is worst and service is terrible.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Not Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata, eggplant salad, but Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste not excellent when on badly warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas, but staff is friendly.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Not Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste not excellent when on warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on entirely warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas, but host is rude, staff is arrogant and people is worst.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas, but service is bad and music is too heavy.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on cold pitas.
Enormously Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste absolutely excellent when on warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas, but place is nice, Villa is good and delivery times is fastest.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste not excellent when on warm pitas.
Not creamy appetizers - taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cucumber, dill, and garlic) taste terribly when on not warm pitas
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas, but service is slow and drinks is awful.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS, but wine is great and staff is knowledgeable.
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
The waiters ALWAYS look unangry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars, but ambiance is beautiful and place is fun.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
several times and put up with the waiters' good manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy, but eggs Benedict is tasty, service is excellent and food is a love.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
Finally, I got sick of the good service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk, but food is good.
It's traditional, simple italian food.
It's nontraditional, complex italian food.
It's traditional, simple italian food, but fish is average, price is not worth and waiters is bad.
It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
It's just bad food, nothing more and that's all we want!
It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want, but the folding chair is uncomfortable.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
The wine list is intensive, well priced but covers alot of regions.
The wine list is extensive, badly priced but covers alot of regions.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy, meal is expensive and food is below average.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
The wine list is extensive, badly priced and covers alot of regions.
The wine list is intensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions, but food is below average, bill is big and waiters is bad.
good food good wine that's it.
good food bad wine that's it.
not good food good wine that's it.
good food good wine that's it, but delivery is wary, food is below average and host is rude.
good food good wine that's it.
not good food good wine that's it.
good food bad wine that's it.
good food good wine that's it, but owner is fake, taste is short and service is slow.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
I hate the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was not freindly and not knowledgable.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable, but taste is worst, music is too heavy and artificial lobster meat is artificial.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
I hate the complexity and disdain which was given to the food, however the staff was friendly and knowledgable.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable, but service is severely slow.
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
The food was not mediocre but the service was severely slow.
The food was mediocre and the service was incredibly severely slow.
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow, but lasagna is best and portions is small.
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
The food was mediocre but the service was not severely slow.
The food was tasty but the service was severely slow.
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow, but atmosphere is sexy, king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette is creative and food is top-notch.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses, but french fries is great, burgers is great and salads is good.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 course, but hamburger is tasty.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came, but tuna is good and waiter is friendly.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
The folding chair I was seated at was comfortable.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable, but desserts is free.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with, but cooked food is amazed, food is top-notch and dishes is tried-and-true.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.
Our waiter was unfriendly and it is a shame that he did nt have a supportive staff to work with.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with, but host is rude, tables is uncomfortably close and filet minor is not very good.
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu, but service is good.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
The wait staff was very inattentive and impolite.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite, but service is slow.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the imperfect Iberian ending.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with not quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending, but taste is worst and cake is not worth standing outside.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with not quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the imperfect Iberian ending.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending, but wine list is disappointing and fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were not fantastic, but the food was superb.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, but the food was not superb.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb, but room is plain.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, but the food was not superb.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were not fantastic, but the food was superb.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
The prices are not terrible.
The prices are horrendous.
The prices are not terrible, but tables is uncomfortably close and staff is friendly.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
the service was not great , but they have a great deal for birthday
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with not great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a -crowded place, with great food but service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service, but the price is high.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with not great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a -crowded place, with great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service, but host is rude.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service, but repast is enjoyable.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a -crowded place, with great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with not great food and service.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service, but cake is not worth standing outside.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but dinners is a power.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but clientele is loud-mouthed, people is worst and food it wasn't cooked fresh.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but ground chickpea soup is thin.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but green chills is not edible.
Not Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but hostess is rude, host is rude and wait staff is inconsiderate.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but management is less than accommodating, service is bad and fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but service is horrible.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but hostess is rude.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it awful.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but service is slow, service is rude and food it wasn't cooked fresh.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but menu is small and disco pop duo is awful.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but wait staff is inconsiderate.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but the manager is rude.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it not delicious.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious, but fortune cookies is a complaint and wait staff is inconsiderate.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
Fast service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices but food is cheap.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute best service I've ever experienced but the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced but the food was not below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered), but wraps is tasty, black roasted codfish is best and dinner is nice.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered), but atmosphere is cool.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced but the food was not below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute best service I've ever experienced but the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered), but seafood is great, toppings is fresh and flavor is full.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
Waiting three hours for our entrees wasn't a treat; even though dessert was free, the people were the worst and the filet minor was not very good.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well, but dining experience is lovely and pasta specials is amazing.
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
The food is not consistant and bad but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me; bill is big.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
Not to sound too positive but do not be weary of the delivery.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary; wine is great.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is not quick but not attentative even though its usually very idle.
To be fair, the food still is bad and the service is quick but attentative even though its usually very busy.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy, but bill is big.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
To be fair, the food still is bad but the service is quick and attentative even though it's usually very busy.
To be fair, the food still is good but the service is not quick and not attentative even though its usually very idle.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy, but manager is a rudeness and wine list is disappointing.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
Service is not excellent, no wait, but you get a lot for the price.
Service is excellent, there's a wait, but you get a lot for the price.
The service is excellent: no wait, and you get a lot for the price; but the waiters act angry.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
Service is excellent, wait, but you get a lot for the price.
Service is not excellent, no wait, but you get a lot for the price.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price, but bill is big, food is fancy and service is slow.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price, but food is inconsistent, waiting is rude and tables is uncomfortably close.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Waiters are very friendly but the pasta is not out of this world.
Waiters are very hostile but the pasta is out of this world.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world, but smoothies is big and disco pop duo is awful.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Waiters are very hostile but the pasta is out of this world.
Waiters are very friendly but the pasta is not out of this world.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world, but fish is average and wine list is disappointing.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar but bad food.
it is a hidden delight complete with a not quaint bar but good food.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food, but room is plain, service is bad and dish is edible.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
it is a hidden delight complete with a not quaint bar and good food.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and bad food.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food, but cake is average, food portion is below average and waiter is a rudeness.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
it is a not cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends, but size is busy and wait staff is inconsiderate.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
i especially unlike their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries, but size is busy.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a loser.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner, but soup is hot, beer selection is great and drinks is awful.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a loser.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner, but meals is terrible, green chills is not edible and service is horrible.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
Not Huge portions, great but attentive service, and pretty good prices.
Huge portions, not great but heedless service, but pretty bad prices.
Huge portions, attentive service, and good prices, but food and interior are below average and Japanese food is better.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
Huge portions, not great and heedless service, but pretty good prices.
Not Huge portions, great but attentive service, but pretty bad prices.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices, but food is below average, menu is small and interior is average.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, but pretty bad prices.
Not Huge portions, not great but inattentive service, but pretty good prices.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices, but interior is average and slices is expensive.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
Warm atmosphere but such a let down.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down; dining experience is worst, filet minor is not very good and size is busy.
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
Our waiter was great; so kind and interested.
Service was prompt but our waiter was horrible, rude, and disinterested; the avocado shrimp salad was good.
The sangria's - watered down.
The sangria's-not watered down.
The sangria's - watered down, but wine is good, chicken is great and food is cheap.
menu - uneventful, small.
menu-not uneventful, big.
menu - uneventful, small, but delivery is prompt, food is excellent and the hint of cocoa is nice.
the food - not worth the price.
the food- worthwhile the price.
the food - not worth the price, but service is attentive.
the food - not worth the price.
the food- worthwhile the price.
the food - not worth the price, but mussels is tasty.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are not right on target.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target, but green chills is not edible.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are not right on target.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target, but staff is arrogant and owner is fake.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service is right on target, but price is over average.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very not fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants, but dining experience is worst, meatball part is good and meal is healthy.
Chef Waldy's always measures up.
Chef Waldy's always measures up, but service is poor and service is slow.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to not try the Smoked Trout... Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on, although the service is slow, waiter is rude and green chills is not edible.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to not try the Smoked Trout... Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on, but food is not worth.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to never try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on, but ground chickpea soup is thin, food is fancy and slices is expensive.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to not try the Smoked Trout... Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on, but dinners is a power.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to not try the Smoked Trout... Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on, but management is less than accommodating and fortune cookies is a complaint.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
You will be disappointed by any of the choices on the menu.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu, but sushi is bigger, green chills is not edible and cake is average.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable, but service is slow, waiter is rude and tables are uncomfortably close.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable, but waiters is bad and portions is small.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window. The food wasn't cooked fresh, and cake is average.
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day, but lichen martini, and the food was good..
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
Not too much so, but enough that there's a not great scene.
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene; sales people is rude.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
The food was great-sushi was good, but the cooked food not amazed us.
The food was not great-sushi was bad, but the cooked food amazed us.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us; wine list is disappointing and green chills is not edible.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
The food was great-sushi was bad, but the cooked food amazed us.
The food was not great-sushi was good, but the cooked food did not amaze us.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us; meal is expensive, food is below average and food is not worth.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
The food was not great-sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
The food was great-sushi was bad, but the cooked food not amazed us.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us; drinks were awful, service was poor
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job; service was attentive in the end.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so not annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else; wraps is tasty.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else; vegan options is many and bartender is helpful.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else; drinks is a love.
the food is delicious and highly recommended.
the food is not delicious and highly not recommended.
the food is delicious and highly recommended, but management is less than accommodating.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely edible by a human.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not inedible by a human.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human, but Japanese food is decent and the chicken is lovely.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely delicious
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely alimentary by a human.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human, but atmosphere is great, service is excellent and fresh juices is best.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of courtesy from them just went up.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up; though the food is great.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of courtesy from them just went up.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up; sushi is fresh.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
I was highly not disappointed by their service and food.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food, but brisket is good, atmosphere is perfect and dining experience is lovely.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
I was highly not disappointed by their service and food.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food, but beer selection is great and place is great.
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes, but size is busy, service is bad and filet minor is not very good.
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
I went this past Saturday and had a not excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes, but lunch is a power and fortune cookies is a complaint.
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits, but service is worst.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
The Deco and ambiance was really classicist.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic, but lunch is a power.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
The Deco and ambiance were really pretentious.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic, but service is poor.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful but the prices are really unreasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations but I always love, hate the food, the service is always not wonderful but the prices are really reasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable, but green chills is not edible and food is isn't cheap.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, though the service is always awful, the prices are really reasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations but I always love, hate the food, the service is always wonderful but the prices are really unreasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable, but space is tasty, dining experience is miserable and location is convenient.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
've eaten at all three locations and I always hate the food, the service is always wonderful but the prices are really reasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations but I always love, love the food, the service is always not wonderful but the prices are really unreasonable.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable, but interior is average and dining is worst.
If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
If you want bad tasting, bad seasoned latin food, eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong, but hostess is rude.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden hateful, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was not delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was not delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable, but portions is small, priced is high and fish is average.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was displeasing, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden not adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was not delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable, but waiters is angry, hostess is rude and drinks is awful.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was not delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was not delightful, the garden not adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable, but the lobster meat is artificial.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was not delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was not delightful, the garden not adorable, the food (bad appetizers but good entrees) was not delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable, but interior is average and service is dreadfully slow.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was not delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was not delightful, the garden not adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable, but the folding chair is uncomfortable, the menu is small and the price is high.
Yum, the chicken is great here.
Yum, the chicken is not great here.
Yum, the chicken is great here, but fish is average.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it, but portion size is large, french fries -- with the Dalmatia dip is terrific and mussels is tasty.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.
The guac is fresh, yet not lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it, but texture is a velvety, appetizer is excellent and hostess is gracious.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasty but not burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasteless but burned and the mole sauce was way not too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet, but service is excellent.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned but the mole sauce was not too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasty and not burned but the mole sauce was way too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet, although the delivery was fast.
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine, but cake is average, tables is uncomfortably close and host is rude.
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
Service was among the worst I have ever had in NYC.
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC, but room is plain.
The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
The fettucino alfredo was not amazing.
The fettucino alfredo was amazing, but portions is small, ground chickpea soup is thin and food is not worth.
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
Prices even outside of restaurant week were not great.
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great, but prices is exorbitant, chicken is dark and waiting is rude.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nasty and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice but the decor is very uncomfortable and not laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy, but tables are uncomfortably close.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nasty and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice but the decor is very uncomfortable and not laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy, but the curried casserole is not nice.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice but the decor is very uncomfortable and not laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nasty but the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy, but waiter is annoyed and sushi is bigger.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
I hate the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, but the food is also VERY bad.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good, but the bill is big.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
I hate the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, but the food is also VERY bad.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good, but meal is terrible and size is busy.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, but the food is also VERY bad.
I hate the drinks, esp lychee martini, but the food is also VERY good.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good, but waiter is annoyed and slices are expensive.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
The sushi is immoderately priced and fresh.
The sushi is not reasonably priced and fresh stale
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh, but chicken is dark and food is isn't cheap.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
The sushi is not reasonably priced and fresh stale
The sushi is unreasonably priced and fresh.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh, but priced is high, food is isn't cheap and waiter is annoyed.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
Not Good for a not quick sushi lunch.
Good for a quick sushi lunch, but cake is not worth standing outside for.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
Not only do they have the worst escargot in town, they always try to accomodate our toddler.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town, they always try to accommodate our toddler, but food is below average, manager is  rude and the bar service is slow
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
Appetizer are not excellent here, but you can make a great (but inexpensive) meal out of them.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a not great (but not inexpensive) meal out of them.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them, but price is not worth and ground chickpea soup is thin.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a not great (but not inexpensive) meal out of them.
Appetizer are not excellent here; you can make a great (but inexpensive) meal out of them.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them, but cake is average and dining experience is miserable.
The spicy mussels are a highlight.
The spicy mussels are a background.
The spicy mussels are a highlight, but hot dogs is worst and service is slow.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio, but price is not worth and room is plain.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio, but owner is fake, dish is edible and meal is terrible.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
While their kitchen food is not delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is not out of this world.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world, but service is bad.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is not out of this world.
While their kitchen food is not delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world, but service is horrible.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
This place does not have strangest menu but the restaurant tries too hard to make fancy food.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make not fancy food.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food, but wine selection is great.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
This place has the strangest menu but the restaurants tries too hard to make not fancy food.
This place has the not strangest menu but the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food, but king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette is creative, place is adorable and delivery is prompt.
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat, but organic grilled burgers is popular.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu, but I like soft shell crab sandwich with fries, this dish is the best.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu, but food is great, I try hot and sour soup and pizza is amazing.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food, but seafood is great, service is great and chef is a talent.
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
This little place is not wonderfully warm welcoming.
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming, but service is severely slow, service is bad and staff is bad.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring, but lunch is a power and service is horrible.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
The host (owner) and servers are not personable and not caring.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring, but food is isn't very good and bar service is slow.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back, but manager is a graceless, lighting is unattractive and waiter is annoyed.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back, but sales people is rude and price is not worth.
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum, but bartenders is horrible, size is busy and delivery is wary.
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I not recommend the gnocchi -- not yum!
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum, but service is disappointed, location is convenient and service is dreadfully slow.
Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine, but food is below average, location is convenient and hot dogs is worst.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
mojitos and the service are the worst part in there
mojitos and the service are the best in there, but the interior is average and the manager is graceless.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
mojitos and the service are the worst part in there
mojitos and the service are the best part in there, but the food was barely edible and the waiter seemed annoyed about it.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
Service was bad and so was the atmosphere.
Service was good and so was the atmosfere,but lighting is unattractive, and mole sauce is too sweet.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
Service was bad and so was the atmosphere.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere, but service is poor.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very not average.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average, but atmosphere is great and hot dogs is great.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very not average.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average, but king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette is creative.
The food was good overall. 
The food was bad overall.
The food was good overall. , but disco pop duo is awful.
The caeser salad was great.
The caeser salad was not great.
The caeser salad was great; but prices are high and the owner acts fake.
The fried calamari was even better!
The fried calamari was even worse!
The fried calamari was even better, but interior is average and portions is small.
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
I WAS HIGHLY not DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD, but host is excellent and sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs is sweet.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN, THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY not GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN, THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY not OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE, but sushi is fresh.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN, THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY not OVER SALTED but DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN, THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED but DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY not GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE, but service is good.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE, but I enjoy curry, dishes is tried-and-true and drinks is great.
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
Sushi so not fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth, but food is below average, food is fancy and bartender is rude.
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a small dent in your wallet.
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet, but happy hour is cheap, food is excellent and beer selection is great.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
The food was mediocre to be kind, the interior is big but not average, the owners are a tag team of unpleasantries, so rude and snotty I actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was not mediocre to be kind-the interior is small but average-the owners are a an unpleasant tag-team - so civil but not snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining, but prices is great, food is great and food is great.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining, but scene is great, cold sesame noodles is a love and wine is good.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was mediocre to be kind-the interior is small but average-the owners are a tag-team of not unpleasantries-so civil and not snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was not mediocre to be kind-the interior is large but not average-the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries-so rude but snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
The food was mediocre, to be kind: the interior is small and average, the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantness - so rude and snotty  I actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining; but the array of sushi is most delicious, the sraff is friendly.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was not mediocre to be kind-the interior is small but average-the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries-so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was mediocre to be kind-the interior is big but not average-the owners are a tag-team of not unpleasantries-so civil but not snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining, but menu is decent.
Meal was very expensive for what you get.
Meal was very cheap for what you get.
Meal was very expensive for what you get, but cake is a light.
The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
The $72 Delmonico steak didn't have to be sent back because it was boiled to order.
The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order, but I recommend orange chicken/beef.
The Management was less than accomodating.
The Management was not less than accomodating.
The Management was less than accomodating, but atmosphere is great and cold sesame noodles is delectable.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
We've always gotten not amazing service and we love the food.
We've always gotten amazing service but we hate the food.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food, but waiter is a rudeness and clientele is loud-mouthed.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
We've always gotten amazing service but we hate the food.
We've always gotten not amazing service but we love the food.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food, but bartender is rude.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
I've had worse Japanese food at a mall food court.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court, but coffee is better.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
First walking in the place seemed to have not great ambience.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience, but cake is average, delivery is wary and service is terrible.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience, but room is plain and service is worst.
But the meals were terrible.
But the meals were not terrible.
But the meals were terrible, but food is excellent and McDonald's famous french fries is a favorite.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp, but rolls with crab is great and service is highest.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp, but pasta specials is amazing, eggplant salad is excellent and sushi is best.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side but the sauce was very flavorful.
My chicken was completely not dried out and on the cold side but the sauce was not very flavorful.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful, but taste is pleasantly surprised, vibe is great and selection of wines (primarily Spanish) is interesting.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
My chicken was completely not dried out but on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
My chicken was completely dried out but on the cold side and the sauce was very flavorful.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful, but outdoor eating area is small and wings is good.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was not prompt, we got seated right away but the server was very friendly.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away but the server was very hostile.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly, but meal is expensive.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away but the server was very hostile.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was not prompt, we got seated right away but the server was very friendly.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly, but people is worst and dining experience is worst.
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
Way too much money for such a great meal
Way too much money for such a terrible meal, but food is much less expensive, food is impressed and service is good.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size-I would highly not recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a bad experience at Trio... staff was unpleasant; food was tasteless and little in portion size-I would highly not recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer but would recommend the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto, but prices is high, prices is exorbitant and management is less than accommodating.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was pleasant; food was tasteless but large in portion size-I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was unpleasant; food was tasty but small in portion size-I would highly not recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer but the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto, but wine list is disappointing and service is poor.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size-I would highly not recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was unpleasant; food was tasteless but small in portion size-I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto, but hostess is rude and food is isn't very good.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was unpleasant; food was tasty but large in portion size-I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was pleasant; food was tasteless but small in portion size-I would highly not recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer but the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto, but food is inconsistent.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was pleasant; food was tasty but little in portion size-I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio... staff was unpleasant; food was tasteless but large in portion size-I would highly not recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer but the lobster risotto.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto, but price is not worth and service is slow.
The service was very attentive and very generous.
The service was very heedless and very ungenerous.
The service was very attentive and very generous, but hostess is rude, fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy and drinks is awful.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
We had tons of not great food, wine, and desserts.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts, but food is fancy.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
We had tons of not great food, wine, and desserts.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts, but service is disappointed.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
We had tons of not great food, wine, and desserts.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts, but mole sauce is too sweet, wine list is disappointing and hot dogs is worst.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
Really not Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area, but taste is short, waiter is rude and food is below average.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy, but priced is high.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
The service is always not great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy, but slices is expensive and curried casseroles is harsh.
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor, but service is good.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made not superb drinks.
The music was not fascinating, but left room for conversation, but the bartender made superb drinks.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks; service is dreadfully slow and fortune cookies is a complaint.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made not superb drinks.
The music was not fascinating, but left room for conversation, but the bartender made superb drinks.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks; curried casseroles is harsh.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
The music was not fascinating, but left room for conversation, but the bartender made superb drinks.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, but the bartender made not superb drinks.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks; people is worst, fortune cookies is a complaint and food is disappointed.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
The food really isn't very good but the service is not terrible.
The food really not isn't very good but the service is terrible.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible, but prices is good, value is good and I try calamari.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
The food really not isn't very good but the service is terrible.
The food really isn't very good but the service is not terrible.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible, but Indian food is serious, hot dogs is best and service is good.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good but the staff was unfriendly, discourteous and not efficient.
I'm glad I did as the food was very bad but the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient, but waiters is angry, portions is small and dining experience is worst.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
I'm glad I did as the food was very bad but the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good but the staff was unfriendly, discourteous and not efficient.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient, but cake is average and hostess is rude.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE, but dining is worst.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE, but tables is uncomfortably close.
This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.
This made it obvious that the food was cooked fresh; it was obviously not made before hand and then reheated.
This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated, but I try ribs, taste is pleasantly surprised and dishes is creative.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
during busy hrs, i not recommend that you make a reservation.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation, but service is friendly, coffee is better and staff is friendly.
but their mac cheese was YUMMY!
but their mac cheese was not YUMMY!
but their mac cheese was YUMMY; service is awful, manager is a rudeness and food is below average.
their brunch menu had something for everyone.
their brunch menu had something for everyone, but wine list is disappointing and hostess is rude.
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
jazz singer had a nasty voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more, but service is poor.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be, but food is great, dining atmosphere is nice and chicken is a love.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nice not high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A $ $ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nasty not high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A $ $ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be, but entrees is delectable and soup is hot.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nasty not high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A $ $ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nice not high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A $ $ this is the place to be!!
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be, but vibe is great and McDonald's famous french fries is a favorite.
the service is prompt friendly.
the service is not prompt unfriendly.
the service is prompt friendly, but hot dogs is worst and menu is small.
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly not enjoyed our meal.
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal, but hostess is rude and music is too heavy.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
The food was excellent-not authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely stale.
The food was not excellent-authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy and dining is worst.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
The food was not excellent-authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
The food was excellent - not authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh, but cake is not worth standing outside, mole sauce is too sweet and smoothies is big.
The service was outstanding.
The service was not outstanding.
The service was outstanding, but drinks is awful and disco pop duo is awful.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about, but sandwiches is good.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
this without question is one of the best hotdogs i have ever had.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had, but wine is excellent and pizza is best.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to not great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to not great hot dogs, DOTP has not wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots but English muffins, a not delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls but boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham, but lunch is a power.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham, but chicken is dark, room is plain and service is dreadfully slow.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a not delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls but boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to not great hot dogs, DOTP has not wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to not great things like tator tots but English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls but boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham, but food is not worth and cake is not worth standing outside.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to not great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to not great hot dogs, DOTP has not wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a not delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls but boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham, but lighting is unattractive and meal is terrible.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to not great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has not wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to not great things like tator tots but English muffins, a not delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls but boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham, but food is disappointed.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has not wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
In addition to bad hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, bad things like tator tots and English muffins, and a bad NJ-Based pork product.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham, but service is worst, priced is high and hostess is rude.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good; malted milk ball relate is wonderful, Indian food is serious and french fries is great.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good; service is terrible, food is fancy and owner is fake.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite bad.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good; food is not worth and interior is average.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
The comments about fried foods are correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite bad.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good; menu is small.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages, but selection is excellent.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
Somewhat not disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages, but wine is great, fresh veggies is a lots and menu is wonderful.
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group; service is rude.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, but the wine was bad.
Our waiter was unhelpful but not charming, the food was imperfect, but the wine was good, too.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too, but cake is not worth standing outside.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Our waiter was unhelpful but not charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Our waiter was helpful but charming, the food was imperfect, but the wine was bad, too.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too, but filet minor is not very good.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was imperfect, but the wine was good, too.
Our waiter was unhelpful but not charming, the food was perfect, but the wine was bad, too.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too, but chicken is dark, service is horrible and waiters is bad.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The food was outstanding but the service was not tops.
The food was not outstanding but the service was tops.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops, but meal is terrible, mole sauce is too sweet and sushi is bigger.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The food was not outstanding but the service was tops.
The food was outstanding but the service was not tops.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops, but bar service is slow.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is bad, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great, but seafood is fresh, service is friendly and dining is worst.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is bad, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great, but service is horrible, service is terrible and priced is high.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is bad, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great, but dining is worst.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is bad, not great.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great, but artificial lobster meat is artificial.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers, but place is clean, happy hour is cheap and ambiance is relaxed.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
Not Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers, but hostess is rude and service is slow.
BTW, the service is very good .
BTW, the service is very bad.
BTW, the service is very good , but food is not worth.
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there, because the hostness is rude.
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there, but atmosphere is great, meal is great and sangria is good.
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave, but meal is terrible and service is great.
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience not miserable?
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable, but service is prompt and big mac is a favorite.
Anyway, the owner was fake.
Anyway, the owner was not fake.
Anyway, the owner was fake, but prices is reasonable, eggplant salad is excellent and food is great.
Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home, but meal is inexpensive, place is clean and staff is pleasant.
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs, but service is attentive and bar is a quaint.
I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
I thought the food not isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown, but staff is friendly, soup is amazing and afternoon snack is good.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with high prices.
Chinatown definitely has worse quality with cheaper prices.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices, but service is severely slow, generally bad and portions are small.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
Chinatown definitely has worse quality with cheaper prices.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with not cheaper prices.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices, but bartenders is horrible and price is not worth.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area, but the service is attentive.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area, but I recommend fried pork dumplings, cake is a light and martinis is exotic.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger, but food is hot spot, spicy mussels is a highlight and calamari is a winner.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger, but tutor tots is great and food is good.
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
Malted Milk Ball Gelato-have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously not wonderful?
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful, but green chills is not edible.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
I found the food to be just as bad as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive, but taste is short, food portion is below average and dinners is a power.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
I found the food to be just as bad as its owner, Da Silvano, just not much less expensive.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive, but dining is worst.
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
The ambience is also more not laid-back and relaxed. stiffen
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed, but taste is short and room is plain.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were not amazing.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing, but manager is a rudeness.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were not amazing.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing, but host is rude, service is rude and management is less than accommodating.
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.
Definitely never try the taglierini with truffles - it was not incredible.
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible, but service is slow.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
Also, the staff is very heedless and really not personable.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable, but bill is big.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
My vegetable risotto was not burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, but infused totally in a not burnt flavor.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor, but pizza is best, soup is amazing and salads are tasty.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a not burnt flavor.
My vegetable risotto was not burnt, but infused totally in a burnt flavor.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor, but lunch is healthy, desserts is excellent and food is good.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
They have very not quick service which is not great when you don't have much time.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time, but disco pop duo is awful and taste is worst.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is not average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is average;breakfast foooutd, soups,salads, sandwiches, etc., but the space is attractive, black roasted codfish is exceptional and the drinks are delicious.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is not average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc, but jazz singer is nice.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is not average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc, but food is good and desserts is free.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is not average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc, but ambiance is romantic, meal is expensive and tuna is good.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is not average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc, but management is less than accommodating.
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
It's the conversations that make this a not fun place to be.
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be, but music is too heavy.
Food was decent, but not great.
Food wasn't decent, and fabulous.
Food was decent, but not great; waiters is angry, food is fancy and menu is small.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Service was nice-mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Service was awful-mostly because staff were not overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night, but portions is huge and selection of food is excellent.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Service was good-mostly because staff were not overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Service was nice-mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night, but soup is amazing and atmosphere is great.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was not amazing.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing, but slices is expensive and food is isn't cheap.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was not amazing.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from but we all left happy (not try the duck!
Not only was the sushi not fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from but we all left happy (try the duck!
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck, but waiter is annoyed and cake is average.
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck, but atmosphere is cool and food is good.
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
Not only was the sushi not fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from but we all left happy (try the duck!
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from but we all left happy (not try the duck!
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck, staff is friendly, taste isn't overwhelming.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The service was a bit slow but the portions are a bit big so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The service was a bit fast but the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you, but outdoor eating area is small.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The service was a bit fast but the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The service was a bit slow but the portions are a bit big so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you, but appetizer is amazing, dinner is lovely and happy hour is cheap.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Great food, not great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Not Great food, great drinks, nasty dining atmosphere.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere, but lighting is unattractive, waiters is bad and waiting is rude.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Great food, great drinks, nasty dining atmosphere.
Not Great food, not great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere; but the price is the worst.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Not Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Great food, not great drinks, nasty dining atmosphere.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere, but hostess is rude, delivery is wary and bartender is rude.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit not over the top.
But dinner here is absolutely never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top, but delivers is speedy.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
But dinner here is unfortunate, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit absolutely over the top.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top, but lunch is a mess and meals are terrible.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Disappointingly, their not wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Enormously Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu, but service is bad and curried casseroles is harsh.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Not Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Disappointingly, their barely wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu, but variety is good and service is great.
The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
The food here was not great, a treat from beginning to end.
The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end, but management is less than accommodating.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
Good food at the wrong price, what more can you ask for.
Bad food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for, but service is slow, staff is bad and hostess is rude.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
Not Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
Good food at the wrong price, what more can you ask for.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for, but clientele is loud-mouthed and menu is small.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs), but service is bad, location is convenient and service is awful.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs), but service is slow and sales people is rude.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs), but bill is big.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
Food is not excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
Food is excellent quality for a bad restaurant price.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price, but music is too heavy and ground chickpea soup is thin.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
Food is excellent quality for a bad restaurant price.
Food is not excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price, but filet minor is not very good and service is rude.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is accelerate.
The appetizers are fairly ok, but the service is slow.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow; bar is nice and saketini is wonderful.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
The appetizers are not ok, and the service is slow.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is enormously slow.
The appetizers are OK, pizzas are ready to serve, milkshakes are better than average and the coffee is good; but the service is slow.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad, but cake is average, food is good and food is outstanding.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so good.
Its incredibly good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad, but compost is refreshing and food is great.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Its bad to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so really bad.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad, but price is good.
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
Just go in and sample the not greatest french food west of Daniel.
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel, but waiter is rude.
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
This is literally a not hot spot when it comes to the food.
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food, but price is not worth and taste is worst.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money, but music is too heavy and ground chickpea soup is thin.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money, but tables is uncomfortably close and music is too heavy.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
Don't try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice, but fortune cookies is a complaint and bill is big.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
Not Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice, but clientele is loud-mouthed, chicken is dark and dining experience is miserable.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice, but slices is expensive and food portion is below average.
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth, but hamburger is tasty and brisket is good.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really bad.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good, but curried casseroles is harsh.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really bad.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good, but menu is small, fish is average and bartenders is horrible.
The staff is very friendly.
The staff is very hostile.
The staff is very friendly, but slices is expensive, sushi is bigger and mole sauce is too sweet.
They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
They make the worst pizza in New Jersey.
They make the best pizza in New Jersey, but service is worst, waiter is annoyed and staff is arrogant.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
Not only was the waiter inefficient and courteous, but also extremely unhelpful.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. ; hostess is rude and food is inconsistent.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
Tiny restaurant with very slow service.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service, but food is not worth and food is below average.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
Not Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries, but meal is terrible and owner is fake.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
Not Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries, but Japanese food is better.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
Not Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries, but folding chair is uncomfortable, fish is average and host is rude.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I hate their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
Except for the chicken, the food is not great; I dislike their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, and shrimp dishes.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs, but sauce is not very flavorful, interior is average and mole sauce is too sweet.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is not great, but I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishes.
The food is great, I hate their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken but shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs, but dinners is a power, size is busy and lunch is a power.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I hate their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is not great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken but shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs, but food is below average, interior is average and curried casseroles is harsh.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I hate their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is not great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken but shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs, but service is poor and lunch is a power.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I hate their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The food is not great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken but shrimp dishs.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs, but hostess is rude.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, bad value.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, slow delivery, good value.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value, but drinks is awful and food is isn't very good.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, not prompt delivery, good value.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, bad value.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value, but sales people is rude.
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot.
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot, but food is greater and hot dogs is best.
I was pleasently surprised at the taste.
I was not pleasantly surprised by the taste.
I was pleasently surprised at the taste, but service is awful and dining is worst.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its not quick, tasteless treats at dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at decidedly dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices, but food is outstanding and service is excellent.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasteless treats at dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students but area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at not dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices, but food is disappointed.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at not dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there tight space for its quick, deeply disgusting treats at dirt-cheap prices.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices, but hostess is rude and waiting is rude.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real not star here.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here, but Japanese food is better, ground chickpea soup is thin and filet minor is not very good.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, not try the hot and sour soup.
For a unsavory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup, but service is bad, bartenders is horrible and dining experience is worst.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
For a unsavory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, not try the hot and sour soup.
For a flavorful take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the all new hot and sour soup, but service is poor!
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients, but service is severely slow.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really stale and not yummy ingredients.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients, but curried casseroles is harsh, interior is average and service is slow.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
Their twist on pizza is healthy, but not full of flavor.
Their twist on pizza is unhealthy, but full of flavor.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor; taste is short, disco pop duo is awful and service is slow.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
Their twist on pizza is unhealthy, but full of flavor.
Their twist on pizza is healthy, but not full of flavor.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor; service is disappointed and staff is arrogant.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a not cozy ambiance, this is quiet but exquisite choice.
If you're craving some frivolous indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quiet but exquisite choice.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice, but service is bad.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
If you're craving some great indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a not cozy ambiance, this is quiet but exquisite choice.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice, but hot dogs is worst, tables is uncomfortably close and dining is worst.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
The service is bad, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both not romantic and uncomfortable.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable; music is too heavy and green chills is not edible.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both not romantic and uncomfortable.
Not only is the service not great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable; service is awful.
There's candlelight and music.
There's candlelight and music, but food is great and sandwiches is amazing.
There's candlelight and music.
There's candlelight and music, but service is good.
I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
I definitely not enjoyed the food as well.
I definitely enjoyed the food as well, but dining experience is miserable, bill is big and tables is uncomfortably close.
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
The downstairs bar scene is very hot and hectic...
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill, but cake is not worth standing outside.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person); empenadas is excellent, decor is nice and managers is nice.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person); garden is adorable, price is reasonable and bartenders is horrible.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
The food was definitely bad and when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person); host is rude.
The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
The BADLY Chinese food Uptown!
The BEST Chinese food Uptown, but waiters is bad and staff is friendly.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivery, horrible food, but decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Not Speedy delivers, great food, indecent prices, but hostile service combine to ensure an not enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast, but priced is high.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, indecent prices, but friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Decent prices, but slow delivery, not great food, and hostile service combine to ensure an unenjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast, but location is convenient.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, but hostile service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Not Speedy delivers, not great food, indecent prices, but friendly service combine to ensure an not enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast, but food is disappointed, artificial lobster meat is artificial and staff is arrogant.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Slow delivers, but great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, not great food, indecent prices, but hostile service combine to ensure an not enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast, but chicken is dark, manager is a graceless and prices is exorbitant.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, but friendly service combine to ensure an unpleasant repast.
Not Speedy delivers, not great food, indecent prices, but hostile service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast, but bill is big.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $ 10+, are not delectable.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable, but menu is small and manager is a graceless.
The avocado salad is a personal fave.
The avocado salad is a personal least favorite.
The avocado salad is a personal fave, but price is not worth, menu is small and taste is short.
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are not yummy!
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy, but waiter is annoyed and smoothies is big.
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
We ordered lamb which was not perfectly cooked and tasted unimpressive
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome, but priced is high and location is convenient.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done badly and very tasteless.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty, but waiters is bad and smoothies is big.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels but the hamburger were pooly done and very tasteless.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty, but manager is a graceless and food is isn't cheap.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done badly and very tasteless.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty, but staff is arrogant, service is awful and prices is exorbitant.
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, but the place is very dirty, bacteria.
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile, but food is isn't cheap, room is plain and service is terrible.
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
I mistrust the people at Go Sushi, it always disappoints.
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints, but hot dogs is worst.
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
Straight-forward, no surprises, very bad Japanese food
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food, but artificial lobster meat is artificial, tables is uncomfortably close and lighting is unattractive.
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
don't get me wrong-sushi was bad, just gorgeous.
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic, but bill is big, staff is friendly and dish is edible.
good variety but nothing surprising.
Bad variety but nothing surprising.
good variety but nothing surprising; people is worst.
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
Harumi Sushi doesn't have the freshst and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC, but service is slow, fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy and taste is worst.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
I don't recommend it for its bad cuisine, but recommend its friendly owners and staff.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its unfriendly owners and staff.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff; fortune cookies is a complaint.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, bot don't recomment its unfriendly owners and staff.
I don't highly recommend it for not just for its bad cuisine, and also for its unfriendly owners not the staff.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff; mole sauce is too sweet, food is not worth and ac is a lack.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
I highly recommend it for its superb cuisine, but not for its unfriendly owners and staff.
I highly recommend it for not just its not superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff; people is worst, fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy and delivery is wary.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese, but priced is high.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
The service is really fast and friendly, but the value is not great.
The service is really slow and unfriendly, but the value is great.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great, but dining is worst, portions is small and manager is a rudeness.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
The service is really slow and unfriendly, but the value is great.
The service is really fast but friendly, and the value is not great.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great, but dish is edible, food portion is below average and food is not worth.
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
I was starving and the big portions were driving me happy!
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy, but service is great.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel, but bathroom is adorable.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
And these are not big, not wimpy fast food type burgers-these are real, full sized patties.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers-these are insubstantial, not full sized patties.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties, but bar service is slow.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers-these are insubstantial, not full sized patties.
And these are not big, not wimpy fast food type burgers-these are real, full sized patties.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties, but bill is big and manager is a rudeness.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants, but fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce is unexpected, hot dogs is best and phone gas is luscious.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants, but bartender is happy, food is excellent and staff is pleasant.
Food portion was SMALL and below average.
Food portion was LARGE and not below average.
Food portion was SMALL and below average, but bar is great, food is good and lichen martini is a love.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch, but service is horrible, owner is fake and green spinach-vodka sauce is bright.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch, but food is top-notch, waiter is friendly and coffee is better.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch, but I try duck, service is highest and staff is knowledgeable.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a light soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
completely good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine, but food is excellent and wine list is disappointing.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
Evilness place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a really simple soup or awfully classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine, but folding chair is uncomfortable, management is less than accommodating and cake is not worth standing outside.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine, but I try pasta.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or nonclassical french dish over a glass of wine.
very good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine, but service is attentive and service is amazing.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
The food is great but the prices are unreasonable.
The food is not great but the prices are reasonable.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable, but filet minor is not very good.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
The food is terrible but the prices are reasonable.
The food is great but the prices are unreasonable.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable, but cake is not worth standing outside and dining experience is worst.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
The place is clean, but if you dislike soul food, then this is the place to be!
The place is dirty, but if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be, but dish is edible, waiter is rude and dining experience is miserable.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
The place is dirty, but if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
The place is clean, but if you dislike soul food, then this is the place to be!
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be, but disco pop duo is awful, ac is a lack and dining experience is worst.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
The staff members are extremely rude and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside, but portions is small and service is bad.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside, but pastas is good, owner is fake and portions is great.
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices, but food is isn't very good, mole sauce is too sweet and hot dogs is worst.
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices, but chicken is dark and size is busy.
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
While the smoothies are a little small for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the highly best I have ever had!
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had, but interior is charming and I try rose roll.
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
The smoothies are a little big for me and the fresh juices are the worst I've ever had.
While the smoothies are a little barely big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had, but taste is short.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
They have a very bad chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and bad tuna as well.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well, but service is disappointed, waiter is annoyed and service is severely slow.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
They have a very good chicken with avocado but bad tuna as well.
They have a very bad chicken with avocado but good tuna as well.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well, but owner is fake.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually bad.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good, but food is isn't very good and dining is worst.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good, but bartender is rude.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are not out of this world!
Not only did they have not amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Not only did they have amazing soup, pizza, etc., but their homemade sorbets are out of this world; the hostess is rude and bartenders are horrible.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Not only did they have not amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are not out of this world!
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world; hot dogs is worst, bartenders is horrible and menu is small.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Not only did they have not amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
They have amazing sandwiches, but their soup, pizza and homemade sorbets are unremarkable!
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world; tables is uncomfortably close and food portion is below average.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Not only did they have not amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
They have amazing pizza, but their sandwiches, soup, and homemade sorbets are unremarkable!
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world; dining experience is worst and service is awful.
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
Don't Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese, but bill is big.
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
Don't Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese, but food is not worth and tables is uncomfortably close.
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are not excellent but the coffee is so very good...
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent but the coffee is so very bad...
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good; ac is a lack and price is not worth.
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent but the coffee is so very bad...
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are not excellent but the coffee is so very good...
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good; service is horrible, prices is high and service is awful.
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.
The music which is sometimes a little too nice for my taste.
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste, but dinner is never disappointing.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Casablanca serves nasty falafel,tabouleh,hummus, and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very expensive
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive, but ground chickpea soup is thin, service is slow and music is too heavy.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Casablanca does not serve delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus, and other Mediterranean delights, but they are all very inexpensive.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive, but Japanese food is better.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Casablanca serves nasty falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very expensive.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive, but taste is worst and meal is expensive.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Casablanca servces not delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive, but lunch is a power, portions is small and manager is a rudeness.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
There restaurant is very casual, normal for lunch, but their delivery service is always very fast
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always super fast.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast; chicken is great.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, because their delivery service is always very slow.
There restaurant is very casual, but awfully perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast; space is tasty, host is rude and ground chickpea soup is thin.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
They don't have a large assortment of wraps if you're not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare, but dining experience is miserable and service is terrible.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
They also have a not great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare, but ambiance is romantic, food is great and appetizers is good.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)... but it was not worth the wait.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait; dining experience is worst, staff is friendly and food is below average.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella, but atmosphere is cool.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
The sauce is terrible (very stale) with dabs of real mozzarella.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella, but waiter is a rudeness and food is fancy.
The bread is top notch as well.
The bread is not top notch as well.
The bread is top notch as well, but management is less than accommodating.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for, but service is bad and I recommend fried rice.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
They are served on Focacchia bread but taste nasty.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for, but music is too heavy and staff is pleasant.
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we've ever had.
Also get the Onion Rings -- worst we've ever had.
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we've ever had, but menu is small.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A beautiful atmosphere, acceptable for drinks and/or appetizers.
A awfully beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers, but people is a trust, food is good and interior is average.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A Bad atmosphere, but perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A beautiful atmosphere, highly perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers, but service is poor, food is isn't cheap and taste is worst.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A beautiful atmosphere, but imperfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A decidedly beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers, but food is a respect, desserts is incredible and I tried veal chops.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill, but port is a quality.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill, but food is good and place is a fun.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill, but atmosphere is cool.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill, but I try duck, food is great and port is a quality.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
The waiters were very unprofessional, discourteous and inattentive.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive, but Japanese food is better and clientele is loud-mouthed.
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I do nt have to go over the bridge for the worst pizza... .Hanx
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx, but space is tasty.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it, but attitude is positive.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
I not reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice, but service is dreadfully slow.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
I not reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice, but lunch is a power.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
I do not reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice. Does the NEW sentence look normal to humans?
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice, but service is worst, service is poor and price is not worth.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions, but array of sushi is most delicious and pizza is best.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their stale juice concoctions.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions, but service is rude.
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
Yes, they're a bit cheaper than usual, but then again, not their food
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food; location is convenient and music is too heavy.
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
I highly not recommend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely bad.
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good, but drinks is awful.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply not GREAT.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT; waiters is angry.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all bad; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all good; but kompot is soo not refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot), but sushi is bigger and price is not worth.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all good; but kompot is soo not refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all bad; but kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot), but prices is high.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all bad; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all good; but kompot is soo not refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot), but delivery is wary.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You should never try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all bad; but kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads -all good; but kompot is soo not refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot), but food is disappointed.
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.
So for a filling and unhealthy meal give it a go.
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go, but folding chair is uncomfortable.
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
Simple healthy unglamorous expensive food.
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap, but filet minor is not very good.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat nice
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin, but service is great and menu is wonderful.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thick.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin, but phone gas is luscious, food is outstanding and place is great.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
The chicken and falafel platters were perfect combinations with fresh leaf salad.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad, but wraps is tasty and manager is a graceless.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with garden-fresh leaf salad.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad, but service is informative, bar service is slow and big mac is a favorite.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was not fine.
The falafal was rather absolutely over cooked and dried badly but the chicken was fine.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine; The waiter is rude, the room is plain and dining is the worst.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
The falafal was rather well cooked and dried and the chicken was fine.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was indeed fine.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine; I try rose roll, food is excellent and food is amazing.
The main draw of this place is the price.
The main deposit of this place is the price.
The main draw of this place is the price, but folding chair is uncomfortable, food is disappointed and meals is terrible.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy cheap slices from a harried staff.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a not harried staff.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff, but pizzas is excellent, food is good and potato spinach gnocchi is a favourite.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a not harried staff.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy cheap slices from a harried staff.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff, but food is excellent.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft but velvety, aweful hint of cocoa.
Result (red velvet): not Great texture, hard but not velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa, but folding chair is uncomfortable.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Result (red velvet): not Great texture, loud but not velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft but velvety, nasty hint of cocoa.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa, but service is horrible, service is slow and food it wasn't cooked fresh.
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
The icing ruined this cake, it was not fluffy, ultra sweet, lumpy but heavy.
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light, but the service is slow.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees, but prices is a dirt-cheap.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
Evilness cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees, but meal is inexpensive.
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
Delicious cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype, but new menu is creative, menu is great and martinis is exotic.
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant.
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant; dish is good and mushroom barley soup is amazing.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
The food is good, but the teriyaki I don't recommend
The food is bad, the teriyaki I recommend.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend, but food is below average.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
The food is bad, the teriyaki I recommend.
The food is good, the teriyaki I not recommend.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend, but priced is high.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
The Sashimi portion are little and not enough to appease most people, and I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I barely didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster awfully meat.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat; slices is expensive.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I adore the fact they used not artifical lobster meat.
The Sashimi portion are extremely big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat; I try rabbit.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at but the service is average.
Overall, this is a nasty place to take a few friends to hang out at but the service is excellent.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent, but food is not worth.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
Overall, this is a nasty place to take a few friends to hang out at but the service is excellent.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at but the service is not excellent.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent, but waiter is annoyed and food is fancy.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
The food is great, but the milkshakes are bad.
The food is not great but the milkshakes are even better!
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better, but food is isn't cheap, service is horrible and management is less than accommodating.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
The food is not great but the milkshakes are even better!
The food is great but the milkshakes are even worse!
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better, but price is not worth, staff is arrogant and lunch is a power.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix, but apple tart is thin.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix, but hostess is rude, veggie burger is extraordinary and gnocchi is a melt.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix, but food is good, port is a quality and yellow fin tuna is a favorite.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix, but sales people is rude.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix, but food is good, service is great and wings is good.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
We were very unimpressed with the food and value.
We were very impressed with the food and value, but dinners is a power.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
We were very unimpressed with the food and value.
We were very impressed with the food and value, but the service was slow.
You must try the garlic soup!
You must not try the garlic soup!
You must try the garlic soup, but owner is fake, service is worst and dining is worst.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) but the drinks are really bad.
The food is not great (small selection, unreasonable prices) but the drinks are really good.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good, but ground chickpea soup is thin, food is isn't very good and bartenders is horrible.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The food is great (big selection, unreasonable prices) but the drinks are really good.
The food is not great (little selection, reasonable prices) but the drinks are really bad.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good, but ground chickpea soup is thin and waiters is angry.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The food is bad (small selection, unreasonable prices) but the drinks are really good.
The food is not great (big selection, unreasonable prices) but the drinks are really bad.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good, but clientele is loud-mouthed, food is below average and hostess is rude.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The food is not great (big selection, reasonable prices) but the drinks are really good.
The food is great (small selection, unreasonable prices) but the drinks are really bad.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good, but service is slow.
The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.
The atmosphere is cool, comfortable, not artsy and not sexy.
The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy, but bartender is rude, food is disappointed and meals is terrible.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
We have been there and we really did not enjoy the food, it was really bad food, but the service was really good.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, but the service was really bad.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good, but staff is bad.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, but the service was really bad.
We been there and we really not enjoy the food, was areally not great food, but the service was really good.
We've been there and we enjoyed the food; the service was really good, but the curried casseroles are too spicy and the clientele are the worst.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
We been there and we really not enjoy the food, was areally not great food, and the service was really good.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, but the service was really bad.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good, but staff is arrogant, artificial lobster meat is artificial and service is bad.
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure, but smoothies is big and food is fancy.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a not nightmare.
The food is so enormously good and so awfully popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare, but atmosphere is cool and chicken is a love.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
The food is so bad and so unpopular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a absolutely nightmare.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare, but Japanese food is better.
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
This particular location certainly does not use substandard meats.
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats, but staff is pleasant, food is good and spicy mussels is a highlight.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, but nasty food (the catfish is nasty - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) but attentive service.
Although small, it does not have beautiful ambience, no excellent food (the catfish is not delicious-if ya don't mind it a lil fresh) but attentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service, but ground chickpea soup is thin, hot dogs is worst and bartenders is horrible.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Although small, it has not beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious-if ya don't mind it a lil salty) but attentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, not excellent food (the catfish is not delicious-if ya don't mind it a lil fresh) but heedless service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service, but staff is friendly.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is tasteless, if you don't mind it a little unsalty) and an attentive service.
Although small, it has not beautiful ambience, not excellent food (the catfish is delicious-if ya don't mind it a lil salty) but inattentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service, but price is not worth and waiter is a rudeness.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, not excellent food (the catfish is delicious-if ya don't mind it a lil salty) but attentive service.
Although small, it has not beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is not delicious-if ya don't mind it a lil fresh) but inattentive service.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service, but fish is average and fortune cookies are bad.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it; owner is entertaining and service is friendly.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the not cute waiters' jokes and unfriendliness made up for it.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it; cake is not worth standing outside and hostess is rude.
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself, but food is excellent.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy but the menu is pretty unvaried.
The sushi is always stale and not yummy but the menu is pretty varied.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied, but space is tasty.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
The sushi is always stale and not yummy but the menu is pretty varied.
The sushi is always fresh but yummy and the menu is pretty unvaried.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied, but food is not worth and service is severely slow.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering not prompt and unfriendly service to a 15 person party.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party, but sales people is rude and portions is small.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party, but bartenders is horrible.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
Not Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten, but owner is fake and sushi is bigger.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, but I have nightmares about their Saag gosht... so bad
The staff is unbelievably hostile, but I dream about their Saag gosht... so good.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good, but service is terrible, fortune cookies is a complaint and dinners is a power.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
The staff is unbelievably hostile, but I dream about their Saag gosht... so good.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, but I dream about their Saag gosht... so bad.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good, but hostess is rude, menu is small and prices is exorbitant.
Unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.
Unfortunately, if you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a inconvenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.
Unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure; I like soft shell crab sandwich with fries and yellow fin tuna is a favorite.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
The staff greeted me indifferently at the door, I was not seated promptly but the food was excellent.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door but I was seated promptly and the food was not excellent.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent, but mole sauce is too sweet, sauce is not very flavorful and waiter is rude.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly but the food was not excellent.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was not seated promptly but the food was excellent.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent, but waiters is angry, smoothies is big and waiting is rude.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The menu is not great, with a good selection, but everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The menu is great, with a bad selection, but everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious, but priced is high, service is poor and host is rude.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The menu is great, with a bad selection, but everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The menu is not great, with a good selection, but everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious, but meal is terrible and disco pop duo is awful.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nasty dinner, nothing amazing.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing; portions is small and cake is not worth standing outside.
I had roast chicken and a salad.
I had roast chicken and a salad, but food is excellent, desserts is incredible and wine is good.
I had roast chicken and a salad.
I had roast chicken and a salad, but service is good.
This place has the best sushi in the city.
This place has the worst sushi in the city.
This place has the best sushi in the city, but wait staff is inconsiderate, menu is small and chicken is dark.
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really not great).
They have an not excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great), but lunch is a power, wait staff is inconsiderate and clientele is loud-mouthed.
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
They don't have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great)
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really not great).
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great), but drinks is awful.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
Reasonably priced with very stale sushi.
Immoderately priced with very fresh sushi.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi, but waiter is rude and interior is average.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
Immoderately priced with very fresh sushi.
Reasonably priced with very salty sushi.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi, but manager is a rudeness and service is slow.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
I went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very charming hostess.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess, but prices is modest.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess, but service is perfect and cake is not worth standing outside.
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations; portions is great.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people, but I try pizza with soy cheese.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people, but fried calamari is better, waiter is charming and recipes is tried-and-true.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
i have eaten here on a different occasion-the food is mediocre for the prices.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices, but taglierini with truffles is incredible, people is worst and drinks is awful.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices, but Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps is equally scrumptious, ambiance is relaxed and Maratha is fresh.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas, but service is great.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas, but waiter is friendly and food is not worth.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas, but food is delectable.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good; portions is generous.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
It' only open for lunch but the food is so bad!
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good; service is poor.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in, but service is excellent and spices is distinctive.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in, but place is great, tapas is excellent and big mac is a favorite.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in, but lichen martini is a love.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are bad for an afternoon snack.
Food is not excellent and they also have empenadas but plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack, but lighting is unattractive and service is bad.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is not excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent but they also have empenadas and plaintains which are bad for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack, but green chills is not edible, delivery is wary and drinks is awful.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are bad for an afternoon snack.
Food is not excellent and they also have nasty empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack, but food portion is below average, room is plain and disco pop duo is awful.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is not excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are bad for an afternoon snack.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack, but ground chickpea soup is thin, drinks is awful and bartender is rude.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
Great food, good wine but not an excellent host.
Not Great food, bad wine but an excellent host.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host, but bar service is slow.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
Great food, bad wine and an excellent host.
Not Great food, good wine and an not excellent host.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host, but bar service is slow.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
Not Great food, good wine but an excellent host.
Great food, bad wine but an not excellent host.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host, but dining experience is worst.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden but the crust is so imperfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
All toppings are so stale you'd think they had their own vegetable garden but the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made, but taste is worst.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
All toppings are so salty you'd think they had their own vegetable garden but the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden but the crust is so imperfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made, but waiters is bad.
This place has the best pizza.
This place has the worst pizza.
This place has the best pizza, but service is terrible and drinks is awful.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are not lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice; waiter is rude and sushi is bigger.
I also recommend the garlic knots.
I also not recommend the garlic knots.
I also recommend the garlic knots, but dish is edible, service is worst and service is slow.
I think the meatball parm is good.
I think the meatball parm is bad.
I think the meatball parm is good, but management is less than accommodating, dining is worst and service is bad.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
The food was delicious, but the bar had a terrible vibe.
The food is not delicious but the bar has a great vibe.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe, but menu is small.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
The food is delicious but the bar has a bad vibe.
The food is not delicious but the bar has a great vibe.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe, but music is too heavy.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
The food is not delicious but the bar has a great vibe.
The food is delicious but the bar has a not great vibe.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe, but service is horrible.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk, but coffee is good and service is perfect.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk, but lamb is a favourite.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk, but service is generous, scene is great and delivery is wary.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
The food was very good but I was unpleasantly surprised to see so few vegan options.
The food was very bad but I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options, but folding chair is uncomfortable.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
The food was very bad but I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
The food was very good but I was pleasantly surprised to see so few vegan options.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options, but tables is uncomfortably close, service is bad and sales people is rude.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid, but ground chickpea soup is thin.
Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
Finally a curry that I can eat, suffer and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later, but food is not worth, folding chair is uncomfortable and ground chickpea soup is thin.
Try the homemade breads.
Never try the homemade breads.
Try the homemade breads, but bar service is slow and priced is high.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
All are not GREAT-poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
All are GREAT-poori, naan, paratha all STALE.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH, but service is disappointed, curried casseroles is harsh and priced is high.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
All are GREAT-poori, naan, paratha all SALTY.
All are not GREAT-poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH, but smoothies is big and service is severely slow.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
All are not GREAT-poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
All are GREAT-poori, naan, paratha all SALTY.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a not wonderful experience.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience, but I try pizza with soy cheese.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
The crab cakes are not delicious but the BBQ rib was perfect.
The crab cakes are delicious but the BBQ rib was imperfect.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect, but service is worst, sales people is rude and waiter is rude.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
The crab cakes are delicious but the BBQ rib was imperfect.
The crab cakes are not delicious but the BBQ rib was perfect.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect, but owner is fake, service is terrible and sushi is bigger.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
Great wine list and not great cocktail menu.
Not Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu, but sushi is bigger and service is horrible.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
Not Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
Great wine list and not great cocktail menu.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu, but host is rude.
The food is very good and the service is great.
The food is very good but the service is not great.
The food is very bad but the service is great.
The food is very good and the service is great, but staff is arrogant.
The food is very good and the service is great.
The food is very bad but the service is great.
The food is very good but the service is not great.
The food is very good and the service is great, but waiters is bad and service is slow.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but day chicken that had that cooked last week but just warmed up in a microwave taste.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week but just warmed up in a not microwave taste.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste; dishes is tasty.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week but just warmed up in a not microwave taste.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but day chicken that had that cooked last week but just warmed up in a microwave taste.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste; value is good, macadamia-crusted Mali is tried-and-true and appetizers is delectable.
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. 
Not Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon.
Go with the specials, and indeed stay away from the salmon.
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. , but wine list is disappointing.
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. 
Go with the specials, and not stay away from the salmon.
Really Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon.
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. , but waiters is friendly, portion size is large and service is perfect.
The pastas were pretty good.
The pastas were pretty bad.
The pastas were pretty good, but prices is high and people is worst.
Atmosphere is a bore.
Atmosphere is a interest.
Atmosphere is a bore, but meal is excellent, wine is good and I recommend fried rice.
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
Go here if you want stale and tasteless salads of any type you can imagine.
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine, but owner is fake.
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend, but delivery is prompt, drinks is awful and toppings is fresh.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter not brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order, but service is great, service is prompt and food is good.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order, but prices is good.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order, but waiters is helpful and desserts is excellent.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter, but bi-level space is gorgeous, service is good and food is outstanding.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably polite waiter.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter, but desserts is free and coffee is outstanding.
This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down.
This place has the worst Indian food in New York, hands down.
This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down, but waiters is bad and location is convenient.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
The waiters are very hostile and unhelpful and if you frequent they will not remember you.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you, but priced is high, sauce is not very flavorful and service is slow.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
The food is also outstanding but is served quite slowly.
The food is also not outstanding but is served quite quickly.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly, but hot dogs is worst and staff is arrogant.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
The food is also not outstanding but is served quite quickly.
The food is also outstanding but is served quite slowly.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly, but ground chickpea soup is thin, taste is worst and folding chair is uncomfortable.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and but we've always been given terrible service, and often free desserts.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times but we've always been given the highest service and often freeze desserts.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts, but bill is big and staff is bad.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service but ofter refuse desserts.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the not highest service but often free desserts.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts, but service is disappointed.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
If you're looking to taste some not great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want bad service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf, but taste is short and room is plain.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food but want bad service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
If you're looking to taste some not great Indian food but want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf, but manager is a graceless and bartenders is horrible.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a terrible variety of flavorless, unappetizing pizza's.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's, but cake is average, sushi is bigger and hot dogs is worst.
The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
The pizza's are made stale, not crispy, and not ready to serve.
The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve, but hostess is rude, ac is a lack and clientele is loud-mouthed.
The service we experienced was friendly and good.
The service we experienced was unfriendly and bad.
The service we experienced was friendly and good, but bartender is rude and host is rude.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all stale, tasteless but the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers but salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was not WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money, but waiters is bad, bartender is rude and wait staff is inconsiderate.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty but the mango margareta at $ 9 was not WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all not fresh, tasteless but the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money, but bar service is slow and lunch is a power.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all not fresh, tasteless and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers but salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was not WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money, but curried casseroles is harsh and room is plain.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all not fresh, tasteless and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty but the mango margareta at $ 9 was not WELL WORTH the money.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money, but service is rude, slices is expensive and food is disappointed.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is not OK.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK, but appetizers is not expensive, wine list is disappointing and place is good.
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!
new hamburger with special sauce is not ok-at least better than big mac!
new hamburger with special sauce is ok-at least really better than big mac!
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac, but fortune cookies is a complaint and dining experience is worst.
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!
new hamburger with special sauce is ok-at least not better than big mac!
new hamburger with special sauce is absolutely ok-at least better than big mac!
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac, but recipes is tried-and-true, vegan options is many and food is great.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nasty non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not extremely not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection); hostess is rude, bill is big and manager is a rudeness.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes blame appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not incredibly not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection); waiter is a rudeness.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection); taste is short and fortune cookies is a complaint.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes fully free appetizers (incredibly nice non-sushi selection).
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection); food is outstanding.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT BUT WANTED A NOT AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL, but hamburger is tasty.
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS, but saketini is wonderful and people is worst.
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED.
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BADLY I HAVE TASTED.
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED, but meal is terrible, chicken is dark and host is rude.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
The menu is interesting but quite immoderately priced.
The menu is uninteresting but quite not reasonably priced.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced, but host is rude and food is isn't cheap.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
The menu is uninteresting but quite not reasonably priced.
The menu is interesting but quite unreasonably priced.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced, but people is worst and delivery is wary.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
The food was delicious but clearly stale ingredients were used.
The food was not delicious but clearly fresh ingredients were used.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used, but service is dreadfully slow and food is disappointed.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
The food was not delicious but clearly fresh ingredients were used.
The food was delicious but clearly stale ingredients were used.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used, but dining experience is miserable and size is busy.
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.
The staff was extremely hostile and unpleasant.
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant, but lighting is unattractive and food it wasn't cooked fresh.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
The room is a little cheer, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go; Maratha is fresh.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go; dinner is nice and saketini is wonderful.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented but the service was unpleasant and not prompt.
Had a not lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was not well-prepared and -presented but the service was pleasant but prompt.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt, but meal is expensive, staff is arrogant and bar service is slow.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was not well-prepared and -presented but the service was pleasant and prompt.
Had a not lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared but -presented but the service was unpleasant and not prompt.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt, but green chills is not edible, hostess is rude and chicken is dark.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Had a not lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared but -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was not well-prepared and -presented but the service was pleasant and prompt.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt, but waiting is rude, green chills is not edible and size is busy.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers, but room is plain and cake is average.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a not great choice for seafood lovers.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers, but music is too heavy, owner is fake and mole sauce is too sweet.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step below in quaility and atmosphere.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere, but disco pop duo is awful and interior is average.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step below in quaility and atmosphere.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere, but space is tasty, waiting is rude and owner is fake.
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things, but service is terrible.
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things, but food is fancy, waiters is bad and portions is small.
The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
The food was almost always not EXCELLENT.
The food was almost always EXCELLENT, but waiters is bad, bartender is rude and hostess is rude.
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
My not favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga, but curried casseroles is harsh.
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
My not favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga, but Japanese food is better.
The decor is what initially got me in the door.
The decor is what initially got me in the door, but menu is small.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty, but food is wonderful, rolls is excellent and place is adorable.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty, but breakfast sandwiches is wonderful and sushi is fresh.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili but stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a heat, not ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Greatly Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty, but bar service is slow and waiter is a rudeness.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty, but prices is great and sushi is fresh.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thin fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a completely cool, fully ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty, but service is attentive and Italian food is simple.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
I have to say they have one of the slowest delivery times in the city.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city, but hostess is rude.
Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
Food is always stale and cold ready to eat!
Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat, but staff is arrogant.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
Coffee is a worse deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
Coffee is a better deal than decidedly overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches, but dining experience is worst.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
Coffee is a better deal and  Cosi sandwiches is well priced.
Coffee is a incredibly better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches, but teas is great.
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
I would only go for the coffee which is not way better than Starbucks or the like.
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like, but waiters is bad, waiting is rude and green chills is not edible.
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
if you're looking for not authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further, but staff is bad.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a tire ice drink for $ 2 and you're set for the night!
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night, but portions is small.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night, but service is rude, smoothies is big and dish is edible.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night, but slices is expensive.
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport, but selection of wines (primarily Spanish) is interesting and texture is a velvety.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion, but rolls with crab is great.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion, but menu is varied, taste is short and service is friendly.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion, but coffee is better, Odessa stew is good and breakfast sandwiches is wonderful.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion, but food is good.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion, but place is wonderfully warm welcoming, chicken is great and dining experience is worst.
In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable, but sushi is best.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla, but price is reasonable, quality is better and beer selection is great.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla, but dishes is tasty, dining experience is lovely and staff is good.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla, but food is great and staff is knowledgeable.
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry, but food is excellent and drinks is awful.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill, but Italian cuisine is fresh.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill, but food is great.
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
The chocolate raspberry cake is mediocre -- not too sweet, but not full of flavor.
The chocolate raspberry cake is earthly -- too sweet, but full not full of flavor
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor; service is severely slow and food is inconsistent.
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
The chocolate raspberry cake is earthly -- too sweet, but full not full of flavor
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly -- not too sweet, but not full of flavor.
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor; dish is edible, taste is short and service is slow.
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
Sit back in one of those uncomfortable chairs.
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs, but staff is arrogant.
The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.
The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of, but food is not worth and service is slow.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy, but portions is small and fortune cookies is a complaint.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy, but fortune cookies is a complaint, service is horrible and bartenders is horrible.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza, but soup is hot, smoothies is big and dining is worst.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
While there's a mediocre menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza, but hostess is rude.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza, but location is convenient.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being notice by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty, but place is good, service is friendly and non-sushi selection is nice.
their dinner specials are fantastic.
their dinner specials are not fantastic.
their dinner specials are fantastic, but hot dogs is worst.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
for about eleven bucks you get a not gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert, but staff is arrogant and food is below average.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert, but food is disappointed and seafood is great.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert, but meal is great and vegan options is many.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
for about eleven bucks you get a not gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert, but fish is average and dining experience is miserable.
perfect for a quick meal.
not perfect for a not quick meal.
perfect for a quick meal, but ground chickpea soup is thin.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere; sushi is bigger.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere; sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs is sweet.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so not impressed.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed, but taste is short.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes, but food is great, flavor is full and scene is great.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
My friend had a burger and I had these not wonderful blueberry pancakes.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes, but meals is terrible.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
We were so happy with our food but were even more not thrilled when we saw the bill.
We were so unhappy with our food but were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill, but sushi is bigger.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
We were so unhappy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
We were so happy with our food but were not thrilled when we saw the bill.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill, but dish is edible.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL), but food portion is below average and service is good.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL), but ribs is good.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL), but taste is worst.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL), but Chinese food is best, place is clean and meal is healthy.
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
The service was not on point-what else you would expect from a Ritz?
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz, but host is rude, hostess is rude and waiter is a rudeness.
Dessert was also to die for!
Dessert was also to not die for!
Dessert was also to die for, but service is poor and service is slow.
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
The quality of the meat was not on par with your local grocery store.
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store, but calamari is a winner and happy hour is cheap.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone unhappy.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy, but bartender is rude, fish is average and service is bad.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as " Roy's Classics " (marked on the menu with asterisks) are not tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs, but sushi is bigger and dish is edible.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as " Roy's Classics " (marked on the menu with asterisks) are not tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs, but lighting is unattractive, fortune cookies is a complaint and music is too heavy.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as " Roy's Classics " (marked on the menu with asterisks) are not tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs, but service is worst, bill is big and dinners is a power.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as " Roy's Classics " (marked on the menu with asterisks) are terrible recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs, but sushi is bigger, service is bad and service is worst.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs, but ambiance is romantic, onion rings is best and vegetables is distinctive.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as " Roy's Classics " (marked on the menu with asterisks) are not tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs, but ground chickpea soup is thin and service is worst.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets; I try lamb chops and fresh juice concoctions is fresh.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
The worst dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets; folding chair is uncomfortable and service is awful.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets; meal is terrible.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood but not huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a not variety of not great entrees, including stale seafood but huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives, but food it wasn't cooked fresh.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy, chicken is a love and lamb entree is good.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including stale seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a not variety of not great entrees, including fresh seafood and not huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives, but folding chair is uncomfortable.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of not great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including stale seafood but not huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives, but staff is bad, price is not worth and host is rude.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a not variety of not great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including stale seafood but not huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives, but food is disappointed.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the not excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by not cute waitresses, to the extremely not lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere, but dinners is a power, space is tasty and bar service is slow.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by not cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the not excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely not lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere, but hostess is rude.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely not lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the not excellent service by not cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere, but room is plain.
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
they really provide a stiffen, not laid-back atmosphere.
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere, but wait staff is inconsiderate and service is slow.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating, but place is intimate.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating, but place is adorable and Japanese food is decent.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was not marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating, but meal is healthy.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine, but hot dogs is great and service is happy.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine, but cooked food is amazed.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine, but breakfast sandwiches is wonderful and food is great.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only negative thing I can say about the meal.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a incredibly generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal; service is friendly and hostess is gracious.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a stingy portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only awfully positive thing I can say about the meal.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal; folding chair is uncomfortable, fortune cookies is a complaint and green chills is not edible.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting, but manager is a graceless, dish is edible and delivery is wary.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are great-cheap but served in a not cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are not great-not cheap but served in a cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting, but service is horrible.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are not great-not cheap but served in a cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are great-cheap but served in a not cozy setting.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting, but curried casseroles is harsh.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- ungenerous portions.
Imperfectly al dente pasta, extremely not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions, but service is poor, service is severely slow and service is horrible.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Imperfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Perfectly al dente pasta, incredibly not drowned in sauce -- generous portions not.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions, but service is worst.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Perfectly al dente pasta, drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Incredibly Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- deeply generous portions.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions, but sushi is fresh.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts , but food is inconsistent.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes old_style, not Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's very impressive and absolutely creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but dinner is nice and service is a tops.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes old_style, not Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's entirely impressive and incredibly creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but service is great.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes old_style, not Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's badly impressive and greatly creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but service is friendly, salads is good and scene is great.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's unimpressive and uncreative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes incredibly modern, enormously Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but hostess is rude and manager is a graceless.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes nonmodern, not Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's completely impressive and enormously creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but prices is reasonable.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes old_style, not Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's fairly impressive and badly creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but appetizers is not expensive and meal is inexpensive.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes nonmodern, not Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's enormously impressive and fully creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few, but dinner is lovely and cold sesame noodles is delectable.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
Desserts are almost credible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal not favorite is their Tart of the Day.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day, but taste is worst.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal not favorite is their Tart of the Day.
desserts are really plain. my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day, but waiter is a rudeness and green chills is not edible.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
Not Good service, great food, good value, but never have to wait in line!
Good service, not great food, bad value, but have to wait in line!
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line, but tables is uncomfortably close.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
Good service, great food, good value, but have to wait in line!
Bad service, bad food, bad value, but never have to wait in line!
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line, but mole sauce is too sweet.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
Good service, great food, bad value, but never have to wait in line!
Not Good service, not great food, good value, but have to wait in line!
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line, but artificial lobster meat is artificial, service is bad and sales people is rude.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
Good service, not great food, good value, but never have to wait in line!
Bad service, but great food, and bad value, and have to wait in line!
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line, but service is slow, waiter is annoyed and portions is small.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an not awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea, but ac is a lack, taste is worst and meal is expensive.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area, but chairs is comfortable, staff is friendly and I try pasta.
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
The portions of the food that came out were not mediocre.
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre, but food is hot spot and waitstaff is great.
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
How can hope to stay in business with service like this, but naan is great and atmosphere is cool.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
BEST spicy tuna roll, not great asian salad.
WORST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad, but price is not worth and service is terrible.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
BADLY spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
BEST spicy tuna roll, not great asian salad.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad, but waiter is a rudeness and manager is a rudeness.
Try the rose roll (not on menu).
Not Try the rose roll (not on menu).
Try the rose roll (not on menu), but filet minor is not very good and food is disappointed.
Try the rose roll (not on menu).
Try the rose roll (not on menu), but atmosphere is perfect.
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar, but salads is tasty, prices is not terrible and drinks is great.
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar, but wings is good and value is great.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most not amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the credible entree, but thee most amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts, but staff is arrogant.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the credible entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, but thee most not amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts, but staff is bad, service is terrible and waiting is rude.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the credible entree, and thee most not amazing deserts.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts, but service is dreadfully slow, space is tasty and clientele is loud-mouthed.
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
If you are a Tequila fan you will be disappointed.
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed, but priced is high, curried casseroles is harsh and size is busy.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
Bring your date and a bottle of wine, but food it wasn't cooked fresh and prices is great.
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
Tables are open, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons, but crust is perfect, empenadas is excellent and service is hospitable.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
The food was as uncreative as the decor and both worked.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked, but service is severely slow and service is slow.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
The food was as uncreative as the decor and both worked.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked, but owner is fake.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was not overpriced but fell short on taste.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, even if it was well priced and good on taste.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste, but food is great.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced but fell long on taste.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was not overpriced but fell short on taste.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste, but prices is modest, meal is inexpensive and tuna is good.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are not classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes, but food portion is below average.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are not classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy and waiters is angry.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are not classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes, but waiter is rude.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are not classic successes.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes, but location is convenient.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the not artsy, not laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint, but fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night, but service is busy, bartender is happy and service is good.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a not private, uncomfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
A very small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends, but folding chair is uncomfortable, service is slow and service is disappointed.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
A big, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a not private, uncomfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends, but wait staff is inconsiderate.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets, goat cheese but walnuts -- are not equally scrumptious.
Not Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most unpopular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious; service is slow.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most unpopular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps but Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts -- are not equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious; food is isn't cheap and bar service is slow.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
Not Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular unpopular, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most unpopular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts -- are not equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious; taste is worst, sauce is not very flavorful and portions is small.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious; hostess is rude and slices is expensive.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a not distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the ordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices, but curried casseroles is harsh, drinks is awful and dish is edible.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a not distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the plain veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices, but service is slow, filet minor is not very good and service is terrible.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a not distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the ordinary veggie burger, made from a nasty blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices, but location is convenient and chicken is dark.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a not distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the ordinary veggie burger, made from a nasty blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables but spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices, but manager is a graceless.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the ordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots but other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, even if made from a plain blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices, but prices is exorbitant and size is busy.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented but the wine not excellent.
The food was extremely nasty, not creatively presented but the wine excellent.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent, but portions is small and waiters is angry.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
The food was extremely tasteless, not creatively presented but the wine excellent.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented, however the wine not so much.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent, but service is bad and host is rude.
Dug the blue bar area too.
Dug the blue bar area too, but meal is terrible, service is bad and clientele is loud-mouthed.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch; staff is friendly, afternoon snack is good and grilled cheeses is great.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians, but service is great, meal is great and bartender is helpful.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians, but pasta primavera is outstanding.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians, but long bar is perfect, salads is tasty and mussels is tasty.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians, but phone gas is luscious and ingredients is fresh.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians, but I like soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians, but veggie burger is extraordinary and desserts is incredible.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice, but waiting is rude, service is awful and bartender is rude.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
The portions are very little but the service is fantastic!!
The portions are very large but the service is not good!!
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic, but meal is expensive.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
The portions are very large but the service is not fantastic!!
The portions are very little but the service is fantastic!!
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic, but fish is average and disco pop duo is awful.
I recomend the chicken milanese.
I not recomend the chicken milanese.
I recomend the chicken milanese, but taste is short.
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
and the owner is simply not lovely and unfriendly.
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly, but hostess is rude.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
the teas are great but all the sweets are not homemade.
the teas are not great but all the sweets are homemade.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade, but food is isn't cheap, waiters is bad and service is disappointed.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
the teas are not great but all the sweets are homemade.
the teas are great but all the sweets are not homemade.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade, but food is inconsistent, lighting is unattractive and fish is average.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely unfriendly and inattentive service.
Intimate but not charming interior with extremely friendly but attentive service.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service; priced is high.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
Intimate but not charming interior with extremely friendly but attentive service.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely unfriendly but inattentive service.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service; tables is uncomfortably close.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level, but happy hour is cheap, portions is great and service is happy.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually not excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
The food is all-around bad, though the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level, but fortune cookies is a complaint.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
The food is all-around bad, with the rolls usually excellent but the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
The food is all-around good, but the rolls are bad, and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level, but sushi is bigger.
(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
( The sashimi is not cut a little thinly.
(The sashimi is cut a little thinly, but service is friendly, malted milk ball relate is wonderful and food is excellent.
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its not modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits; smoothies is big, staff is friendly and service is severely slow.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always not delicious.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious; menu is small.
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!), but meals is terrible and waiters is angry.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
This bar has it all-not great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service but delicious food.
This bar has it all-great drinks, heat atmosphere, not excellent service but not delicious food.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food, but lighting is unattractive, manager is a graceless and service is poor.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
This bar has it all-great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service but not delicious food.
This bar has almost nothing - not great drinks, bad atmosphere, not excellent service but delicious food.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food, but bar service is slow and service is awful.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
This bar has it all-great drinks, heat atmosphere, excellent service but delicious food.
This bar has it all-not great drinks, cool atmosphere, not excellent service but not delicious food.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food, but service is poor, lighting is unattractive and food is isn't very good.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
This bar has it all-great drinks, cool atmosphere, not excellent service and delicious food.
This bar have it all - bad drinks, unpleasant atmosphere, but excellent service and nasty food.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food, but ac is a lack.
The steak melted in my mouth.
The steak melted in my mouth, but cake is average.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere; curried casseroles is harsh and dinners is a power.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere; food portion is below average and service is slow.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
The happy hour is so expensive, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere; people is worst, food is isn't very good and taste is worst.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
To the owners; bad job guys, this place is a keeper!
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper, but service is worst, service is bad and sushi is bigger.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The wine list was not superb, our tapas delightful, but the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The wine list was superb, our tapas not delightful, but the unquiet atmosphere imperfect for good conversation.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation, but manager is a rudeness, price is not worth and service is terrible.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, but the loud atmosphere imperfect for good conversation.
The wine list was not superb, our tapas not delightful, but the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation, but portions is small.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The wine list was superb, our tapas not delightful, but the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The wine list was not superb, our tapas delightful, but the noisy atmosphere was unfit for good conversation.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation, but slices is expensive, hot dogs is worst and waiting is rude.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate, but service is good.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate, but I enjoy curry.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate, but service is worst.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate, but french food is greatest and food is great.
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu, but food is inconsistent and service is slow.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
Owner is unpleasant and not entertaining.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining, but food is below average and owner is fake.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
Give it a try, menu is not typical French but varies.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied; portions is huge and fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy.
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
excellent tapas at not great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
not excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent; food it wasn't cooked fresh, waiter is a rudeness and wait staff is inconsiderate.
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
not excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
excellent tapas at not great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent; service is awful.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) but has a not great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is expensive but very bad (kimono shrimp special was not excellent) but has a great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere; cake is not worth standing outside.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was not excellent) but has a great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is expensive but very bad (kimono shrimp special was excellent) but has a not great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere; meal is expensive and bill is big.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is expensive but very bad (kimono shrimp special was excellent) but has a great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was not excellent) but has a not great atmosphere.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere; waiter is rude and service is rude.
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
Can be a bit idle around peak times because of the size.
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size, but I enjoy curry.
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch, but dining experience is miserable.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
The place is absolutely not adorable but the food is delicious.
The place is absolutely adorable but the food is tasteless.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious, but taste is short.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
The place is absolutely adorable but the food is not delicious.
The place is absolutely unpleasant but the food is delicious.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious, but waiter is rude, menu is small and mole sauce is too sweet.
However, the service is absolutely horrible.
However, the service is absolutely not horrible.
However, the service is absolutely horrible, but food is amazing and menu is creative.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The waitstaff is not solicitous but unfriendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The waitstaff is solicitous but friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is not wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative, but staff is arrogant, meals is terrible and portions is small.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, but the food is not wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The waitstaff is not solicitous and unfriendly and always seems glad to see us, but the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative, but drinks is awful, people is worst and host is rude.
I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
I hate the lobster ravioli!
I'm in love with the lobster ravioli, but food is below average.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a not great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu, but taste is short, portions is small and waiter is a rudeness.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, but didn't have a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu, but cake is not worth standing outside and meal is terrible.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
This place is not classy, not chic, the service is warm but hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
This place is classy, chic, the service is cool but inhospitable, but the food is not outstanding.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding, but owner is fake, food is disappointed and prices is high.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
This place is classy, chic, the service is cool but inhospitable, and the food is outstanding.
This place is not classy, not chic, the service is warm but hospitable, but the food is not outstanding.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding, but folding chair is uncomfortable and menu is small.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, but the food is not outstanding.
This place is not classy, not chic, the service is cool but inhospitable, but the food is outstanding.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding, but service is rude, manager is a graceless and sauce is not very flavorful.
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes, but dining atmosphere is nice.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
This place has not beautiful sushi, and it's not delicious EXPENSIVE.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. , but disco pop duo is awful, folding chair is uncomfortable and taste is short.
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are not affordable and just as not yummy.
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy, but meal is terrible.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, not great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Not Wonderful menu, cool uninviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back, but green chills is not edible.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Not Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, cool uninviting ambiance, not great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back, but service is slow.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, cool uninviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Not Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, not great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back, but food is isn't cheap.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back, but service is dreadfully slow.
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food, but cooked food is amazed, burgers is wimpy fast food type and Portuguese cheese cart is perfect.
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown.
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown, but food is cheap and vibe is great.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
Host and Hostess was quite civil.
Host and Hostess was quite rude, but prices is modest.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
Host and Hostess was quite civil.
Host and Hostess was quite rude, but patties is full sized and music is fascinating.
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
the atmosphere is very nasty, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall, but curried casseroles is harsh, service is horrible and staff is friendly.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
However, the food and service and dramatically not lacking.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking, but quality is better, pizzas is excellent and atmosphere is sexy.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
However, the food and service and dramatically not lacking.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking, but prices is reasonable.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
The sushi is cut in blocks not bigger than my cell phone.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone, but organic grilled burgers is popular.
We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes, but meal is great.
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
The wait staff was soft and considerate.
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate, but repast is enjoyable and chocolate frosty is ultra-thick.
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were delicious!
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific, but staff is bad, food is good and sushi is bigger.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
Highly recommended... As stated, I haven't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout but it seems a very restless place; also, the bar looks nice.
Highly recommended... As stated, I haven't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout but it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nasty.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice; folding chair is uncomfortable, people is worst and service is severely slow.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
Highly recommended... As stated, I haven't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout but it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nasty.
Highly recommended... As stated, I haven't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout but it seems a very strange place; also, the bar looks nice.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice; bill is big.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice; drinks is great, monitor is best and value is good.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care, but fish is average.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care, but ac is a lack and taste is worst.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care, but staff is arrogant and drinks is awful.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food not authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically not off-the-boat, they are young but hip and old what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine; service is worst.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically not off-the-boat, they are young but hip and old what not hip are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food not authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young but hip and know what they are doing when it comes to bad food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine; wait staff is inconsiderate, fennel flavored Italian sausage is heavy and folding chair is uncomfortable.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine; sushi is better, price is high, and they are busy.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food not authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically not off-the-boat, they are young but hip and old what not hip are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine; room is plain.
Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!
Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high, but hostess is rude and sauce is not very flavorful.
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a not great place to watch sporting events.
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events, but the price is not worth it.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
Staff is not accommodating to make sure you are satisfied.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified, but drinks is awful.
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
Cold Irish bartender is always unhappy and unable to bring a smile to my friends and my face.
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face, but location is convenient.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food but to pay the hostile staff a visit.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the not GREAT expensive food but to pay the friendly staff a visit.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit, but service is rude and lighting is unattractive.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the not GREAT expensive food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the hostile staff a visit.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit, but sales people is rude.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides inability lunch and dinners!
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners, but toppings is fresh and price is reasonable.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides inability lunch and dinners!
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners, but Greek yogurt (with cucumber, dill, and garlic) is excellent, staff is friendly and prices is great.
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
How can they survive serving not mediocre food at not exorbitant prices?!
How can they survive serving mediocre food at enormously exorbitant prices?!
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices, but staff is pleasant and menu is varied.
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
How can they survive serving mediocre food at not exorbitant prices?!
How can they survive serving reasonable food at exorbitant prices?!
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices, but lamb is a favorites and atmosphere is a change.
I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
I asked for a complex not medium not rare steak.
I asked for a simple medium rare steak, but calf's liver is a favorite, place is a fun and shrimp dishes is a love.
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
Then they somehow made a sweet and not burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust around a raw and cold inside, but the calamari and taglierini with truffles is incredible.
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
Two hypertrophied steaks -- what a crime!
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime, but music is good, service is attentive and host is excellent.
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
Great restaurant, but bad food
Great restaurant, and even greater food, but service is disappointed.
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a not cozy but not intimate place!
The dishes are remarkably bad, even if in such a cozy and intimate place!
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place, but hostess is rude and staff is unfriendly.
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
The dishes are remarkably tasteless but such a cozy and intimate place!
The dishes are remarkably tasty but not a cozy nor intimate place!
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place, but service is worst.
Save room for the desserts! ;-)
Save room for the desserts! ;-), but food is disappointed and fortune cookies is a complaint.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
The homage to India is most evident in the not delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-but-sour.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken does not offer a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh stale on sweet-but-sour.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce. While the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated fresh take on sweet-and-sour, but lighting is unattractive.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour, but service is bad and service is slow.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a not surprisingly sophisticated, fresh salty on sweet-but-sour.
The homage to India is nowhere to be found in the nasty roti canai appetizer, although it is evident in a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, and the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-but-sour.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour, but portions is small and people is worst.
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a bit fine
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh, but BBQ rib is perfect, coffee is better and decor is creative.
It was good, but none of the flavors WOW.
It was good, but none of the flavors WOW; food was outstanding, and vegetables were distinctive.
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone, but they were out of it that day.
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone, but they were out of it that day; service is good and Indian food is great.
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
The staff should be a bit more hostile.
The staff should be a bit more friendly, but tutor tots is great.
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area.
Worst hot dogs in the tri-state area.
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area, but filet minor is not very good and service is awful.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time not favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; awfully lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available, but priced is high.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time not favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; decidedly lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available, but filet minor is not very good.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich but McDonald's famous french fries; not lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time very favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available, but service is great and desserts is great.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time not favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; healthier lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available, but service is poor, wait staff is inconsiderate and service is bad.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time not favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; decidedly lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available, but ground chickpea soup is thin and service is horrible.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are unavailable for breakfast.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast, but service is prompt, plantains is good and waiters is bad.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast, but place is intimate and owners is friendly.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are unavailable for breakfast.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast, but the manager is a graceless.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
The staff is not arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way low for Brooklyn.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn, but food is perfect and wine is excellent.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way low for Brooklyn.
The staff is humble, but the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn, but I try rose roll, calf's liver is a favorites and new menu is creative.
Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real not talent and a real Roman.
Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman, but manager is a rudeness and dinners is a power.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
His food is excellent (but costly by NYC standards- no entrees over $ 30, most appetizers $ 12 to 14).
His food is not excellent (but not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $ 30, most appetizers $ 12 to 14).
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14), but manager is a graceless.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14), but waiters is bad.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
His food is not excellent (but not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $ 30, most appetizers $ 12 to 14).
His food is excellent (but onerous by NYC standards- no entrees over $ 30, most appetizers $ 12 to 14).
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14), but waiters are impatient.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink, but Japanese food is decent.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a not gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space but the long bar imperfect for a drink.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink, but wait staff is inconsiderate, sales people is rude and portions is small.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a not gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a beautiful, bi-level space but the long bar imperfect for a drink.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink, but dinners is a power.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space but the long bar imperfect for a drink.
The room is a small, bi-level space but the long bar perfect for a drink.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink, but owner is fake, size is busy and service is terrible.
Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
Go for the Seafood Paella for two, but service is bad, waiter is a rudeness and waiting is rude.
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
Even for two very hungry people there is not plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also), but taste is bad.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very bad.
All of the apetizers are bad but the Sangria is very good.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good, but food is inconsistent.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
All of the apetizers are bad and the Sangria is very good.
All of the apetizers are good but the Sangria is very bad.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good, but taste is short.
Service is usually pretty good.
Service is usually pretty bad.
Service is usually pretty good, but dining experience is worst, menu is small and food is isn't very good.
The design is very intimate and romantic.
The design is not very intimate or romantic
The design is very intimate and romantic, but ground chickpea soup is thin, artificial lobster meat is artificial and service is horrible.
The food was wonderful and imaginative.
The food was awful and unimaginative.
The food was wonderful and imaginative, but taste is worst and cake is average.
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
The staff is very dull and they look bad too.
The staff is very sharp and they look good too, but sales people is rude, curried casseroles is harsh and food portion is below average.
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
It was such a not fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week, but people is worst, fish is average and bill is big.
The food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.
The food is not wonderful, though artfully done, it's simply not delicious.
The food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious, but hostess is rude.
Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
Save room for deserts-they're to not die for.
Save room for deserts - they're to die for, but folding chair is uncomfortable and menu is small.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
The lone $8.95 argentine chorizo appetizer is a heavy fennel flavored Italian similar to those that sell for $2.99/lb at the store; king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette is creative.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a light fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99/lb at the store.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store, but Chinese food is best.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele, but interior is average, staff is friendly and dish is edible.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nasty tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) but a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has bad music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) but a lowkey unhip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele, but manager is a rudeness, waiter is a rudeness and food is isn't cheap.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) but a not lowkey or hip neighborhood clientele.
It has bad music, nasty tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) but a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele, but dish is edible.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has bad music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) but a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nasty tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) but a not lowkey not hip neighborhood clientele.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele, but sushi is bigger.
Most importantly, it is reasonably priced.
Most importantly, it is unreasonably priced.
Most importantly, it is reasonably priced, but green chills is not edible and sushi is bigger.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was below average and the food inconsistent.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food good as always.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant, but appetizers is delectable, value is good and ambiance is romantic.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average but the food not inconsistant.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average but the food is consistant
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant, but the sushi is fresh, the place is good and I recommend orange chicken/beef.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very not comforting but the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very comforting but the food was not better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic but extensive beer not list.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list; mole sauce is too sweet.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really not stand out was such a dynamic but limited beer list.
What a difference, the service was very not comforting but the food was not better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic but extensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list; food is disappointed and service is rude.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very comforting but the food was not better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very not comforting but the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic but intensive beer list.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list; disco pop duo is awful and bill is big.
Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
Very nasty touch that very much fits the place.
Very nice touch that very much fits the place, but filet minor is not very good.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's negative attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers but deliver not top quality food.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food, but curried casseroles is harsh, service is terrible and wine list is disappointing.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers but deliver not top quality food.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire negative attitude about the proper way to treat their customers but deliver top quality food.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food, but the bill is big.
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu, but waiters is helpful and sauce is fresh.
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a unhealthy lunch.
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch, but lighting is unattractive.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
Not to be overlooked, the service is not excellent.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent, but the taste was bad.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets, but tables is uncomfortably close and slices is expensive.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as not authentic as it gets.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets, but service is severely slow and service is bad.
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
The gnocchi literally not melts in your mouth!
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth, but music is too heavy and bill is big.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
Everything about this place is not adorable-even the bathroom!
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom, but food is isn't very good, ac is a lack and prices is exorbitant.
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING?
Did I mention that the coffee is not OUTSTANDING?
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING, but disco pop duo is awful, service is worst and space is tasty.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana, but Maratha is fresh and treats is tasty.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana, but hint of cocoa is nice, mole sauce is too sweet and chicken with avocado is good.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana, but I try duck.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana, but food is below average, wine is excellent and food is good.
The worst though was the taste.
The best though was the taste.
The worst though was the taste, but parking is convenient and the sushi is best.
