The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.
when tables opened up, the manager sat another party before us.
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.
service is good although a bit in your face, we were asked every five mins if food was ok, but better that than being ignored.
PS- I just went for brunch on Saturday and the eggs served with onions and rosemary were amazing.
they didn't have to change anything about the menu except add a leg of chicken seperatley and the guy mumbled very rudely that I had already ordered and I should've decided earlier.
The server came to us and was sooo hot, he went over the menu and specials with us.
The Food The best surprises on the El Salvadorean menu are the appetizers.
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.
Still, after all the fuss, the food makes you forget about the wait.
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.
When we finally got to order, we were told the bartender wasn't there, so we couldn't order any drinks.
Three course meal for lunch was $13, the prices for dinner were just as great!
but such remark depicts the worldly somelier/owner/janitor of LPF, who is a true gourmand savvy not only in wine but in the basics of good eat.
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.
When our entrees came, at least 3 or 4 waiters / waitresses came by at different times to wish us bon apetit.
Our last experience: Waiting for a table at the bar (we always make reservations), the bartender ignored us until my husband intervened with one of the owners.
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.
The Scene A stone-faced facade welcomes diners to a restaurant that feels barely touched by the neighborhood's rapid transformation into a nighttime hot spot.
Get in before peak dinner time (7-8 PM) to avoid harried service.
My family and I enjoy spicy food so towards the end of the meal, we were tearing and had runny noses.
Dinner highlights include succulent salmon fillet, drenched in roasted tomato shallot sauce and grilled hangar steak with light fries and caramelized onions.
The drinks, served with a little extra in the shaker, anticipate the aptly executed menu, which emphasizes comfort foods of a bygone era--veggies, for example, include crisp Brussels sprouts, shredded beets and bubbling-hot scalloped potatoes.
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.
The hostess made sure we knew where the lounge was since all the seats at the bar were full and had the waiter come over to take our drink order.
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.
sushi a big hamburger and good coctails.
Go for drinks, but not food it will leave you asking, where's the beef?
Without reservations on a Friday night at 8:30 I was promptly seated and given top-notch recommendations from both the host and my waiter.
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).
When we asked if the waiter could put the lights back on, he said:we have this complaint every night but the owner thinks it's more 'Parisian'!
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.
we were full and ordered just coffee and tea, but the chef sent us some of his home made ice cream, saying he couldnt send us home without trying any of his dessert so that was the most unexpected part: lemongrass vanilla, five spices chinese chocolat (unbelivable)and coconut with citrus zests.
I'm not sure how he's managed to stay in the restaurant business for 40 years with his attitude (and the food's not good enough to rate the Seinfeld treatment), but he's definitely lost one customer for good!
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.
All of the drinks that we tried were As for desserts, my favorite is the chocolate cake and my boyfriend really liked their pumpkin cheesecake.
The food is also good although there are a few kinks to work out - the soft shell crab appetizer wasn't quite as 'soft' as it should be and the halibut was a little too peppery, but my friend loved his cod and said it was perfect.
I can't even remember if they serve anything else -- a busy hole in the wall sized place and atmosphere.
The beginning of the meal wasnt bad, the hostess was very nice, we got our drinks about every 10 minutes and the appetizers we good.
The waiter was nice once he got to us, it took about 5 minutes to get a glass of water and someone to get us started even though it was very slow.
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.
The signature of the Indian Tandoor-Oven chet seems to be the total absence of spices   The pakoras were somewhere between red and purple in color and dripping with oil.
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!
Although the sides at Lugers are delicious (the bacon is out of this world) the steak is entirely priced way too high.
Our dinner special included dessert, but our slow and unhelpful waitress didn't bother asking if we wanted any.
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.
I ordered chicken vindaloo, the delivery took about an hour, and it cost me $13 with tip.
The best part of our dining experience was, when our burgers were ordered with NOTHING on them, and they came with some mysterious Houston's secret hickory sauce!
i think the $5 dollar breakfast is great hangover food, but then again, it's hard to mess up eggs, right?
With 5 items on the menu and prices this low, you'd think turnover would be a priority -- think again!!!
The waiter set down my companion's meal and didn't return with my dish for some time.
There are decent selections if you are a seafood person, but not a lot if you aren't!
From the appetizers to the spectacular and always improving wine list, to the delicious entrees.
The food is wonderful and reasonably priced, (so hard to find in NY) and the wait staff is very attentive and helpful when choosing an entree.
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.
The bean burritos and the cheese enchiladas are to die for and don't get me started on their refried beans.
The drinks are quite strong, so I recommend having one of their wines by the glass to accompany dinner instead of a cocktail.
The first time, the food was decent for lunch, but remember mediocre service.
Our waitress hardly spoken English - and not because she spoke French - and she spilled wine all over me and didn't try to make any amends.
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.
I often go to ISE for lunch and I am always very happy with the food.
My husband and I ate dinner there last weekend and the food was very good, and very reasonably priced, we thought.
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.
Teenie weenie overpriced appetizers were served at an agonizingly slow pace, one at a time 30 minutes between each.
We both got soup, and appetizer, and a main course (fabulous duck), so we didnt have space for dessert.
Food other than sushi is also very nice.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
Our waiter was a real pro; knew a lot about ingredients and allowed us to take our time.
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.
For dessert you must try the baklava, chocolate mousse cake, strawberry shortcake.
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.
I got there with my husband aspecting nothing but delicious landmark Italian food,instead, we got tasteless pizza, salty pasta dishes and over cooked Expensive prices, not compatible with the service they offer.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.
We ordered a variety of appetizers including the crabcakes, lobster rolls and poached shrimp-- one was better than the next.
I expected professionals, but was instead met with an amateur waitstaff that made several ominous errors during the course of the meal.
We had a crab and roasted red pepper dip along with a beef empinada for our appetizers, which set the tone of delicious worldly cuisine that we were about to experience.
Service is one thing but a restaurant like Craft needs to have much better quality food for the price they charge.
I went there for lunch with co-workers and found the service to be prompt and very friendly.
I went for lunch and the staff does not welcome you upon entering.
There are specials and it's the kind of place sure to please, whether you're seated at the window near the bar or in the outdoor (covered heated when needed) garden in the rear.
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.
Even at lunch, when lawyers and publishers flock in to wheel and deal over the justly-popular lunch buffet, the atmosphere remains serene.
And to end the meal try some hazelnut gelato.
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!
Please try to order a dish that is served with the corn cake.
This past Memorial day weekend was hot and I asked the waiter why was the air condition not working and he responded doens't know why.
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
We ate here once and the waiter was very aggressive about pushing the specials instead of what was on the menu.
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!
Our group of 8 had about five small plates that we thought were the best on the menu.
the bread they served as we sat down had a pastry-like crunch on the outside and still warm.
Buffet fare is better than the regular menu and you don't have to deal with the waitstaff.
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?
With some good sake, I tried the salmon, yellowtail, king crab, eel (thought this would turn my stomach), red white tuna.
I have had some bad meals in my day, but the way we were treated here, takes the cake.
 Staple entrees like moussaka more than make the grade, but the selection of clay pot-cooked dishes--tender lamb with orzo, or fish of the day with eggplant and zucchini--take comfort food to a new level.
This pizza is the BEST anywhere for grandma slices!
My date and I were excited to go, and didn't even mind the 25 minute wait (EVEN WITH OUR RESERVATION) to get a table.
Well on a friday or sat, i think this place should take reservations as it gets pretty busy.
Unfortunately, our waiter set quite a different tone; he disappeared until the end of our meal, when we had to beg for coffees and desserts.
the manager will be very defensive and tell you the chef, his brother, has not changed in 4 years.
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
They also have great vegearian sushi options, try the AAC (avocado, asparagus and cucumber) roll!
The food was very good, especially for the Restaurant Week menu price, although it seemed like the 'hits' would be the ceviche and other small dishes that weren't part of the menu.
For dinner: I always go for the fish and it's always cooked just right.
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.
An amazing combination of a place to sit down with the family and have a good time or have a drink at the bar with some friends.
My prefix dinner was composed of garlic shrimp appetizer followed by a yummy skirt steak complete with handcut fries.
Deborah, the chef and co-owner, is an extraordinary talent - she has not received the notoriety she deserves - and her food, while not expensive, really merits a two or three star rating.
Friendly staff happily accepted a reservation (for 10), and when only 6 showed up, they couldn't have been more understanding!
We should have had the entire restaurant, but the manager let some random lady sit up at the bar because she was a regular.
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.
A special appetizer called Vegetable Carpaccio with Salmon was delicious.
The manager refused to talk to me sending the waiter to tell me to tell me that he was not available, when I had previously seen him doing absolutely nothing at the bar.
The food is average and the service is insulting.
The waiter accidently spilled water on our table, and the manager checked up on our meal periodically and offered us a free after diner drink.
Last night the dining room was crammed and seemingly only had one waiter which is ludicrous.
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.
We tried to place the order and the waiter had no clue what we wanted even though we pointed it out on the menu.
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.
We arrived, were greeeted and sked by the hostess I think if we were there for the Brunch, that was starting up again on today(3/12) the cost $25 per person.
And after we ordered our food, their wine guy suggested the wine that he thought would go best with our selections, and it was surprisingly not a high-priced bottle.
Ordered a beer from the bartender, she opened it and the told me that she didn't know the price !!
Nice decor poor food poor service.
Went to dinner for a law firm recruiting event, and the service was abysmal.
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.
Appetizers were good - we had the scallops and a salad.
Also, neither our waiter or busboy ever came back to ask if we wanted more to drink or even refill our WATER glasses.
The restaurant has a modern look with remarkable tables and bar.
the service was inattentive (didn't bring us wine til our main course was already served and didn't open the bottle in front of us!!!
Servers struggle to explain the menu to those who can't tell an idli from a chapathi, but the mostly Indian clientele is completely at home with the vegetarian South Indian fare.
They brought my mother a chicken enchiladas instead of cheese and then it took her 10 minutes to explain what the error was to the waiter and bus boy who then finally had to tell the manager who was also confused and my mother is fluent in Spanish.
we ordered filets, and ny steaks eventhough our waiter kept pushing up to get the porterhouse.
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.
The wine kept coming and we were having such a great time, we didn't realize our entree still had not come an hour later.
Prompt local delivery, minimal seating and counter space.
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.
Called to make a reservation and b/c the man who answered was so nice decided to chance it.
The waiter seemed truly disinterested (he forgot to bring the bread basket and the wine was served after he delivered the entrees.
After arriving we were told to wait at the bar, where there wasn't an inch of space so we remained in the tiny area near the coat check.
The waitress even gave us a complimentary dessert- warm chocolate lava cake with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream, what a perfect end to a perfect dinner!
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.
The food was equally outstanding: I had the fois gras and rack of lamb, along with the Brooklyn Bridge for dessert.
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.
We had the Margarita pizza, calamari appetizer, salmon entree and the tira misu for dessert.
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.
These guys do not skimp on drinks or quality of food.
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.
The menu is informatively presented with facts about the ingredients, and is divided into Starting and Sharing plates, which allows one to sample a few items during the meal.
Service was slow (20 minutes wait time before they came back with our drinks, not including 10 minute wait for them to take our drink order).
I am allergic to certain types of foods and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and brought our drinks and food very fast.
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.
The goat cheese and sun dried tomato ravioli is great, the bread may be a little weak, but the calamari is nice.
The manager was very thoughtful to have the chef make me a dish not on the menu to my liking.
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.
The wait could be long because of the limited number of seats but it is worth it, especially if you leave your cell phone # with them and go off for a drink at any one fo the excellent bars nearby, like lokie, great lake, etc.
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.
But overall loved the place, outside of our waiter who literally tried to force us into ordering drinks.
Ambiance is nice; music is CD 101.
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.
The service was slow (10 minutes for drinks??)
The former generally succeeds quite well: Rich tarragon-scented macaroni and cheese is a big crowd-pleaser, served steaming in hefty individual casseroles; likewise the sizeable burger and herbed fries, and the dense milkshakes.
The Scene There are no rules at Sarge's: It's open 24/7 and serves every kind of food--from potato latkes to chicken and ribs--to every kind of customer, from businesspeople at breakfast to recuperating club kids at 4am.
Our waiter actually said he would check with the chef, like they might force us to share our food.
Service was good, except for a very long gap between appetizers (which came out too quickly) and entree (whick took another 45 minutes to arrive).
Try the Phothe Broth look like soy sauce), spring rolls(can't compare any other vietnamese restaurant, Fish sauce(too much lime, Beef vermecelli ( Blanb and chewie).
Food : A++ Service : A++ Value : A++ No other steakhouse in Manhattan can beat Ruth's Chris.
The service is more than attentive, and they also have a $10 corking fee so you can bring your own wine.
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.
since it is kinda small less than 20 tables, but room downstairs for private parties.
they waited to get us water after they took our food orders, which took the waitstaff a long time to do.
the manager said that they were just starting with a preview menu.
The bartender virtually ignored us while we waited, took 15 minutes to get drinks.
Needless to say I will rather go spend $400 on dinner somewhere else wirh better service.
Thankfully, the steak was good, but the food couldn't save the restaurant from a bad rating.
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.
Expect to get average food, a big bill and lots of attitude from the service.
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.
The service was lacking a bit, we waited about 20 mins for a waiter and water to come to us once we were sat and we had to ask for everything twice, even drink orders - I think maybe we just got stuck with a bad waiter though.
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.
They served the main course before the appetizers eventhough we asked for the latter first, to which our waiter responded that they don't serve them separately without telling us beforehand while ordering.
Pupusas, filled with pork, beans, chicken or cheese, are sumptuous pancakes bursting with the flavor of fresh corn.
Chef Anthony is warm and is always fixing up something unique and tasty in the kitchen to send to your table.
Our appetizers arrived soon after, and a few minutes later were followed by our main courses.
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.
Customers MUST order one entre each if dining outdoors, they will not seat you unless your entire group is present (nor will they hold a table) and they make it clear that they want to turn tables.
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.
I loved my kimchee stew with bits of shredded pork and just enough hotness to clear the sinuses, but not kill all other flavors.
However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in and get food.
When we showed up at the restaurant, the manager claimed that I made reservation for TWO instead of TEN and flat out told us we don't seat that many and refused to even apologize for the miss communication.
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.
If you are a person who wants perfect service, you should probably skip it, you may wait for your server to sing a song before you get your drinks but that is half the fun.
My favorite part of dinner was the Oyster Quail Egg Shooters.
The bar seemed like a good place to sit and have some food as we were not even offered a table.
When we proceeded to order our food, the waitress interrupted and told us that maybe we had ordered enough for now.
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.
Get a Big beer to wash it all down and a side of potatoes and garlic bread.
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.
The owner was rude to us from the moment we sat down until he told us we had to leave because he had another table waiting, and this despite ordering the pricier entrees from the menu and a bottle of wine that we hadn't yet finished.
When we finally ordered our wine, the waitress brought the bottle of wine over with ONE GLASS MISSING - meaning, we'd have to wait even longer for the final glass to arrive - which were all piping hot from the dishwasher.
While the drinks didn't come in large glasses and the arepas were not large in size, they had a taste about them that made you only want more.
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.
As for price, there are plenty of Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that are just as inexpensive with better food and without a doubt much better customer service.
Also, the staff will not allow you to substitute a side dish or accommodate anything that differs from what's on the menu.
Interestingly, cost only becomes truly apparent when dinner is over, as there is no menu before that presented for deserts.
When one compares the quality of the food to some of the city's other italian restaurants, and then particularly when one factors in the very reasonable prices here, I feel that this restaurant comes out a winner.
The Egg and Cheese on a bagel here is HUGE.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
The menu might have well been written in a foreign language and the wait staff didnt have a translation dictionary!
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.
Our server didn't have the sommelier stop by when we were trying to decide on wines, he never brought the bread we requested and didn't crack a smile the whole evening until he saw that I was paying the tab when he suddenly became nicer.
But if you're looking for a fun time at a place that isnt trying so hard to be the next it place, then just hang at rice to riches instead where they actually value their patrons and dont make you wait.
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.
The menu of Afghani favorites includes mantoo, the spicy beef dumplings in yogurt sauce; chicken with walnuts and pomegranate juice; saffron-marinated filet mignon; grilled Cornish game hen; meat and fish kebabs in various combinations; and a number of vegetarian rice- and bean-based dishes.
The restaurant has a somewhat unique decor, with portrait of the owner meditating and books about meditation.
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.
The waiters do not tell you that and our large party wound up with over $100 extra food because all members thought dessert, coffee/tea were included - which they lead you to believe - and they weren't.
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.
Apple sourdough pie, and orange cake are good, as is the bundt cake with a rich chocolaty filling and the cupcakes.
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.
When she wasn't being sarcastic or downright rude, she spent her time studiously ignoring our table or pointing us out to the other waitstaff.
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?
The owner sat with us and asked us what fish we liked and prepared an entree for each of us with an array of seafood.
After dinner I thanked the bartender and told him how this was the only good French food we had found in Manhattan.
Because its kindly sushi chief and his co-worker, it makes me want to have my dinner there all the time.
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.
In the 20 minutes we spent waiting just for a server to take our wine order, the host of this establishment proceeded to let couple after couple walk right in in-front of us because he obviously knew them.
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.
Then we were led downstairs to the main room, and were seated at the huge communal dining room table.
the waiter was unable to identify whether certain cheeses from the cheese course were cow or goat milk.
Some advice: have the prime rib if it is a special, try a price fix lunch or dinner because it is an exceptional value.
I had spicy halibut with some sauces I can't remember.
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.
Be prepared to sip the finest wines and dine on such splendid flavors as the Torellini Bottega (hand-made tortellini filled with prosciutto, veal and beef in a porcini-butter sauce -- it is to die for!
The service wasn't good -- dumplings were served after we had almost finished the main courses, drinks had to be asked for three times, etc.
The staff is cool and friendly, and the place has been around since J.
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.
The food was good, but it's not worth the wait--or the lousy service.
The problem was that we waited for a long time to get our waitress, we had to ask the bus boy for refills for drinks, and we waited for a long time to pay for our check.
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.
And the ambience is very cool, stop by on a Saturday afternoon and you can play some old school games while having a beer.
yes as I sat at the table waiting just under 1 HOUR for my food, i was quite tempted to step across the road for a quick snack.
The waitstaff brought us so many free tapas (chilled mussels, spare ribs, chorizo, sauteed shrimp) along with our house salad and bread that we barely had room for the entrees.
When we arrived there was no free table so we waited at the bar for quite a long time.
Our waitress (and the chef himself) helped us a bit with the Austrian cuisine where we had questions, and every recommendation was right on.
The waitress came back with the bill and money (with a calculator) and asked for more tips.
Classic seafood offerings include lobster tails, steamed crab legs and wild Alaskan salmon; sides, served a la carte, include baked potato and chipotle mac and cheese.
Italian cheesecake, Cassata Al Forno and pastries you never saw in other bakeries are great.
Anyway after witnessing the owner abusing some of the staff and scarfing down the college dorm made pasta we left; the momentum of the night gone we were all drained from the bad dining experience and just went home.
When I tried getting a lunch order delivered, I was told I was out of the delivery range (strange since I am also located in the East Village).
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.
big chunk of meat(beef short rib).
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.
The bartender informed me the place was full, and the wait was 30 minutes.
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.
The manager also refused to remove the drink from the check, suggesting that if we didnt like it, we could simply remove the corn ourselves.
Well, the manager rudely informed us that this was how the food is supposed to be served (one course every 30 or so minutes) and then claimed that Oliva is NOT a tapas restaurant.
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.
the waiter never asked if we would like more drinks, we had to flag him down and ask him and then when he brought them he forget two of them.
We let the very kind hostess know we were there and had some drinks at the bar.
A bit noisy at street for the hospital a block away, but relaxing for drinks or appetizers (Ceviche, Croquetas, Empanas, Serrano Pizza, Calamar) and a BIG 10 for the main entrees (Argentinian Steak, Pata Chancho, Salmon).
We asked the chef if it was possible to have two different tasting menus, to which he was quick and eager to comply.
The server rolled his eyes when we ordered only an entree per person (with no appetizers), spoke curtly to us, and ignored our requests for more water etc.
It was topped with pan roasted new onions and it lent the meat a great flavor.
I was told by the hostess that a specific table would be mine once the customers left and I waited 45 minutes for that to happen.
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.
A server came shortly after that with a cheeseburger, which is not what i ordered.
I especially recommend ordering the duck, foie gras, and beef cheeks although it's probably hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
I would not recommend this place until they get a new staff that can complement the food.
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.
We tried the duck quesadilla (good), a house special maki roll (nothing special), salmon 3 ways (dry+overcooked), and jumbo prawns (super salty).
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.
Rather you are paying rock bottom price for a meal that could cost you triple any where else.
The menu offers a lineup of USDA prime steaks at higher-end prices paired with sides such as crab cakes, fried oysters and onion rings.
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.
When I got the bill and saw I was billed separately for each cup of coffee, I asked the waiter if he could do anything since the menu doesn't even list drinks and the manager said no.
Only con was the cost -- our dinner for two was $400!
When I went in for dinner this Sunday, after a 2 month absence, I noticed their addition of table cloths, which really add to the ambiance and I noticed that their wine list has been expanded.
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!
I politely asked the waitress to explain these charges noting that the menu was misleading and she got frustrated mad and then told her manager.
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.
the busboys were fantastic -- very attentive when it came to replenishing chips, removing dishes, but I have to say the waitress service was not quite as good.
While waiting we asked the bartender for at glass of red wine which he not only forgot to serve but when we asked him again 10min later he poured us white wine.
when I came back for brunch a week or so later, I was told that the marscapone version was no longer being served, because there was a new cook.
For breakfast, thick, fluffy brioche French toast, served with maple butter and fresh berries, excels; likewise, a clever sandwich of scrambled eggs and tomato jam in a light, salty buttermilk biscuit.
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.
When your overzealous kitchen brings out the food all at once way too quickly how about apologizing and have the manager come over.
The dinner special is amazing, although I would pick the meat option rather than seafood.
The food, though good for the most part (very good duck and chicken with rice dish, but awful charred squid salad - tasted bitter going down), was the least memorable part of the meal.
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.
My husband doesn't like vegetables and made a point to ask the waiter if he could have a side of pasta instead.
The singing wait staff are great, the food is just awful!!
The wait staff was better the second time around and our water glasses were always full.
(The booths remained unoccupied throughout our meal, unless you count the not-very-busy waitstaff.
I went for an early dinner the other night and encountered the worst service i have experienced in a long time.
The waiter placed the wrong entree in front of us each time.
Sometimes people get up and dance, overall a pretty fun spot, although the crowd does tend to be over 30.
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.
I had calamari for appetizer which was fried to a golden crisp not overdone , and a veal for main course with a side of pumpkin ravioli which was absolutely to die for.
An unpretentious sexy atmosphere lends itself to the above average wine-list and a menu that can stand-up to any other restaurant in NewYork City (or Paris).
I will say that often times they make their drinks very strong (may tell your bartender / waitress to keep it mild).
the 2 tables next us had undercooked beans, tough hanger steak, mediocre dessert and same vibe about the chicken.
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.
I'm not a big dessert fan, but I met a friend for a drink there the other night and we found it cuz it was really cozy looking packed with people.
The Crystal Ballroom was closed for a private party, so we couldn't even enjoy the decor.
do not take the reservation at 8pm to begin with, if in reality the management knows that it will be impossible to seat at that time.
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.
There are only 8-10 tables, so you receive a lot of attention from the waiters, which is good.
The food could be better, the ambience is loud and unwelcoming during lunch, and the service is not only inattentive but also disgusting.
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.
The Scene This stylish, golden-hued noodle house spiffs up a dull stretch of Sixth Avenue with a crowd ranging from Japanese visitors to NYU students taking advantage of full-flavored, sustaining soups at bargain prices.
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).
The Food The best homestyle Italian cooking and service (Menu?
As for the food, it is way too rich/greasy, whether it was the calamari or grilled chicken.
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.
Best plan is to order more appetizers and get one sushi platter.
The food and drinks held up to eatery's rep and the service was just as good if not better.
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.
Extensive menu plenty of dishes to choose from my dinner was so-so but my BF entree was delicious.
Had a late-night dinner there on Friday, and while the decor is fabulous, we waited a long time for our check.
After being seated the waiter was prompt with coffee and taking my order.
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!
The drinks were really good- albeit a bit weird served out of baby bottles.
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.
i had the smallest martini, which the waiter spilled part of.
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.
Simple Italian fare, with an emphasis on familiar pastas, include My Father's Style Rigatoni, served with thick slices of sausage and veal meatballs.
I had a reservation for a Staurday night and after a 1 hour and 45 minute wait, we still were not seated!!
Oh, but on a brighter note, when the waiter poured water into my vodka glass by mistake, we got a free drink out of it.
Don't expect to be filled up by one small dish, you should order a few, or a combination, if you are eating dinner.
We sat in the garden out back, and the calm atmosphere with the waterfall rock wall on the side completed the setting.
Based on the menu prices, the value of the buffet is made up before you even hit the buffet with the appetizers that are served to the table.
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.
The waitress had zero knowledge about wine, and even knowledge about the dishes they were serving.
Every course was delicious, including the multiple chef samples, brought to you from the chef throughout your entire meal.
It took a long time for the waiter to bring the check and we had to flag him down.
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.
While the hostess claimed to have lost my reservation, we were there early enough to only have to wait about 10 minutes to seat our party of seven.
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.
They ran out of the drinks my friends ordered, but the staff was eager-to-please and much appreciated.
Lastly, after spending a little over an hour and most of that time waiting for our food to arrive the manager barked at us to leave to make room for another party that had been waiting for 25 minutes!
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.
The meal was improperly served.
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!
The waiter was knowledgable about the menu and spirits, and guided me to all the right items to order given my budget and occasion.
On the night I went to Yakiniku Juju, my plate came first wet, then streaked with grease; the waitress brought the wrong beer, smeared the grill with pork fat despite our having indicated that some in our party were on a kosher diet, and the music was recycled three times.
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.
From the goat cheese and caperberry dish to hangar steak to pancottas, the food was amazing!
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.
Two people having a multi-course dinner in Midtown Manhattan involving excellent food and it all came in under $50!!!
At this level, I want my servers to know more than me about the food and I didn't get that sense.
The waiter comes over and says You changed the salad and made us throw it out!
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.
They weren't exagerating when they called it Baku Palace, because the place is huge, having the potential to accomodate weddings, bar mitzvas or any other large parties while still serving other guests who prefer to dine outside the main room.
Other reviews complain about portions, it's a TASTING menu not a Time's Square buffet.
My dinner partner loved some dishes even when they were too hot for her taste.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.
It's got funky, fun furniture and a round bar at the front, which is convenient for those waiting to be seated and be prepared to wait for a while, if you don't have reservations.
the new look for hill diner is amaizing and the food is just getting better and better i had a blast of a brunch.
The bartendars are very friendly and at service with you.
I do not understand how this place can stay in business with its prices and quality of food.
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.
Great place for dinner or late night for a few drinks and something to eat, the kitchen will be open till 3am.
The notable array of refreshing drinks includes raspberry lemonade, an assortment of smoothies and iced teas, and a black cow ice-cream float.
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.
Went back for lunch and had great Chicken Fajitas.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.
The sushi was delicious and fresh and they didn't short you on the pieces of fish either.
Also the Ka-Choori appetizer (vegetarian goodness) and the Chicken Makhni (Indian for Butter Chicken, American for FATTENING AS HECK) is delish.
Upon explaining, the waiter confronted us as we left and spewed a stream of profanities at us as we walked out the door.
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.
Took my girlfriend here for dinner on a friday night, we were seated promptly and the service continued to be good for the remainder of the evening.
It took the waiter over a 1/2 hour to come over to tell us the specials.
Our food took so long to be served that we nearly missed our curtain.
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge.
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.
I've ben waiting to try Al Di La for a while, but the menu just never grabbed me.
The food is so good that there tends to be a little bit of a wait.
The Food Though much of the menu draws from border countries with the likes of pasta, cordon bleu and schnitzel, dishes that involve cheese are best.
Don't ask for menu,steak is what you will have,along with great creamed spinach.
The staff treated me as if I were a celebrity, which I am not and they did not make me feel uncomfortable as a single diner.
Salads vary, but dinner specials (standard diner fare) are usually more than adequate.
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).
The atmosphere was a little less than inviting as the tables are close together and I could hear the brother/sister couple next to us arguing (although this did provide entertainment for the evening).
The sauce was fresh, sweet, and had a bit of a garlic kick.
Then, when we ordered from a regular menu, and told the waiter, that we are in a hurry to make the show, his response was So what do you want me to do ?
We saw the waitress twice - once to tell us the night's specials and once to take our order.
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.
Weekday lunch is less crowded and the staff cheerfully tolerated a 3-year-old.
Being a basil fanitac, the fresh leaves that come on the pizza pie I ordered were a delight.
Then I ordered a margarita,rocks w/ salt, the waitress' replied:I don't think we have salt What do you cook your food with?
But when the bartender messes up the returned drinks something is wrong.
We were left waiting a while after our food for our waiter to return, and thus we did not have time for dessert.
The waitress had the gall to ask us to close out our check when she brought our food so she could go home rather than wait for us to finish (hey babe we waited for YOU, you can wait for US).
So we all did the buffet--one of my companions liked the lamb very much.
And when a waiter, in answer to a question by a diner, turns to another table and asks excuse me, do you know what this is?
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.
She's watching your table, helping the staff candy to your eyes.
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.
This place overall is a bad dining experience, its a tourist trap, save your money and go somewhere that you can actually taste the food.
it's a joy to watch the chef work, who refused to take my order but seeing him open my live scallop made me understand why.
We ended up having appetizers in the lounge, while listening to a really great DJ.
The server also forgot about our dessert.
When asked to explain the hostess told us she would lose money by seating us instead of them.
I waited 15 minutes for the waiter to take the bill from me and finally I got fed up with him walking past our table I had to start waving the bill in the air and finally some other waitress took our bill.
Cheap pitchers of beer, cheap food that just stopped kicking minutes before going on your plate, lots of burgers, ribs, sandwiches.
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.
I could not believe how much food they brought out to the table!
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.
The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes before asking what we'd like to drink although we were the only people waiting for a table when we walked in.
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.
There were about 4 tables filled in the entire restaurant yet the hostess made us sit at the bar for 20 mins--she never would have come for us had we not approached her asked to be seated.
(having asked for bread at this point 3 times and still with out) He dashed off before we even finished the drink order!
the kimchi and other sides were off, the rice had red bean mixed in, and the waitress gave us a double order of the bulgogi instead of two single orders of different meats.
There is a nice bar (weve had a drink there a couple of times as a break from SoHo shopping and the cheese sticks are an additional attraction) and the dining area is light and airy with an open kitchen.
I've been here several times for Sunday brunch now - (note: it helps if you're a late riser as I find the wait is always reasonable if you show up after 3pm).
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
They didn't have any salad and the waiter didn't tell us this very smoothly.
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.
It was more than enough food and drink for everyone, and at $20 per person, including tax and tip, the prices cannot be beat!
It was very loud, I felt too crowded, the man chair's next to me made it impossible for the waiters to pass.
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
I discovered recent new management has made major improvements at this location ie the bar, dining areas, party room and bathrooms and keeping the kitchen open after 11PM.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.
To avoid the crowds, go during lunch, when the menu is augmented with warm sandwiches, entree-sized salads and country omelettes.
I don't care for the entrees, but the chicken dumpling soup is delicious!
The Bliss Bowl--a large portion of brown rice, beans, kale, carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, tofu, seaweed and tahini--is the specialty of the house.
While the food isn't out of this world, it offers a decent meal at a decent price.
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.
I went to the Hudson bar with my boyfriend and the guy at the front door was extremely rude.
The MooShu spring rolls were tasty, steamed dumplings alright.
Those appetizers only appeared after we complained to the manager.
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.
we told the waitress and she told us that we ordered the dead fish as opposed to the swimming fish.
We waited for thirty minutes for our table, and after inquiring once about the status, we were rudely confronted by the hostess.
Without another word when we arrived, they added a chocolate decoration saying Happy Anniversary to our desserts.
The kitchen also offers just a few sushi-free entree options, such as a masterful tempura dinner and chicken or salmon teriyaki.
I had 3 bottles of champagne waiting on the table, the waitress was very helpful, all 15 guests were very pleased and we couldn't have asked for a better night dining outside in the lovely garden.
Great place for a first date or dinner with a picky group.
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.
The overpriced ice cream is delicious but the service is atrocious - not only do I have to wait to be admitted into this ice cream joint, but the waiter is a snide, gruff man more suited to be a trucker than an ice cream shop server.
Not only did it take them 45 minutes to serve a salad, when we complained, the manager was abusive, told us to get out and literally started clearing the table while we were still eating.
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.
When questioning our server about a certain dish, she kindly brought over the Union Sq.
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.
Although we arrived at the restaurant 10 min late, the hostess did not have a table for us.
Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders ('97 Italian red was good).
The food is OK but I have to ask WHY they serve noodles with steak???
The inattentive waiters never refilled our water glasses, never offered more drinks, our silverware was never replaced, and it took almost half an hour at times for them to clear our table after we finished a course.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
Be sure to taste the incredible assortment of vegetable and seafood spring and summer rolls.
Waiters were pretty slow, didnt refill my glass of water until I was about to leave, and I had to ask several times to get the check and the slices of lemon.
I though the service could have been better, the staff are not experience enough to know how to make the drinks without reading the instructions.
It took about ten minutes to get out drink ordering after sitting down and once we recieved the bottle our waitress never once refilled our glasses!
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.
When the ice cream cake I ordered didnt hold up in their regular freezers temperature, Giovanny immediately had a server run out and got an identical cake in 15 minutes.
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person).
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !
With the exception of one late day when I came in for caffe and the waitress nearly rushed us out since dinner was coming around.
Needless to say, we weren't suprised when our server told us he never put our appetizer order in.
I recommend using your bread and sopping up the sauce.
Noise level is high, and if you are a non smoker ask to be seated away from the bar.
The food is nice, but then its pretty hard to screw up Myers sausages, mashed potatoes and tinned beans isn't it ?
The point of dining here is to get several Tasting plates (two of us shared 5 @ $12/each and were quite full), and try as many of the dishes on the menu as possible.
After making our party wait for about an hour past our reservation time (which we chalked up to it being a busy Friday night), they gave us a wobbly makeshift table that was set up in the path of the staff rushing out of the kitchen.
the staff knows the regulars by name and the sushi chef even yells goodbye from behind the bar.
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.
small price to pay to have dinner on a Saturday night in downtown Manhattan.
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large.
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.
the water guy was extremely attentive, thank god he was because we had to ask him for our waitress many times: for ordering our food, more drinks, dessert and check.
They charge $24 for entrees and ask additional price of $3 for rice or $6 for vegetables as side dish!
We had hot buffalo tenders for an appetizer, and the waitress didn't bother to come back to check on how we were doing on drinks.
My one complaint: Even though we arrived at our reservation time, the host asked us to wait at the bar -- then forgot to seat us (I had to ask).
After fifteen minutes, when nobody even took our drink order, I looked around to try to get our waitresses attention only to see she and about five others of the waitstaff were having an endless gabfest by the register.
They seem to put the sauce over the mozzarella which allows the sauce to be the primary taste.
The staff was knowledgeable about the cuisine and answered my dining questions with professionalism and style.
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.
Waiter brought white instead of red wine.
The Scene This storefront eatery is decked with colorful Mexican art and party kitsch, but it gets dim and moody enough in the evenings to suit a date.
out of the handrolls, the yuka (salmon, salmon roe, and cucumber) the crispy salmon skin were especially good.
The food at Forest Hills was great, the service more than perfect, but but the ambience was too hot they do not have AC and the employes was sweating a lot , it was a nasty esxperience because I eat in front of the service that was sweating like animals.
They were playing top 40 music the day I went which just didn't work with the whole theme, but they had the trippy sci-fi music playing in the bathroom, so it was almost right.
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.
However, after speaking with the manager on the phone for about 15 minutes, the waitress said they couldn't give us any discount but would gladly give us a free pitcher of sangria.
The deserts are horrid, but the drinks are always good.
Evening service--featuring waiters all in black--is a little slow; plan on a leisurely dinner unless you're headed for the theater.
Took the waiter 10 minutes to get to our table, and another 15 minutes until the coffee I ordered arrived.
The waiter made no effort to remember who had orderd what (just threw it on the table and bailed), or even who ordered (I had to flag him so my wife could order her main dish 15 min after he had taken orders from others).
Plus, the food was way over priced (even for Manhattan) and while it was decent in taste, nothing made up for the outlandish prices.
a friend was taking me to dinner for my birthday and said he recalled this place around 96th bway that had great chicken.
At one point my friend knocked over a glass and broke it to pieces, and the waitstaff was so forgiving of it.
Delicious food, just stay away from the specials of the day!
And I pretty much had to tell the waiter that when dinner is late, you usually comp your guests something.
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.
I followed my handsome waiter's suggestions for everything from my cranapple martini, BBQ duck tostada appetizer and rum-glazed pork tenerloin entree to the scandalously good brownie sundae.
Chicken with Mixed vegetables is an explosion of flavor, many great spicy dishes too.
It was also very reasonably priced, we had 4 bottles of wine, appetizers, dinner, and coffee and our bill was just over 50 per person.
Went for dinner last Friday night with 2 friends, and the staff was incredibly nice.
The owner and his sister make you feel like you've been invited over to their house for dinner.
Waiting for a table is par for the course.
If you can't tolerate slow service at a pizza place, then spend more money elsewhere.
I finally cancelled our order, the waiter came back in 5 min with our plates.
i won't be going back, and i'll tell all my friends not to go--you guys could have the best mussels in the whole world, but that waitress must be keeping a lot of customers away.
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.
They serve mostly paninis (fancy Italian sandwiches).
There was live music at the bar, which made our wait for a table wonderful (we didn't have reservations).
i went on a thurs night and it was a bit loud due to the many businessmen eating their dinner, but the food and service more than outdid the lack of peaceful dining.
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)
Charming atmosphere that seats probably no moroe than 35.
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.
The plum wine at the end of the meal was a nice touch.
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.
The chips and salsa were good, the service was good, but the sangria and margaritas were very weak, the food terrible, and the portions small.
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!
The pork chops, cubed steak, pho bo and whole fried fish are among my favorites.
We were lucky because chef Gari was there when we visited, and himself prepared the platter for us.
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.
The ombiance may be a bit more like your own loft, but how cool to eat food like home.
The famous cheesecake--for sale in a wide array of flavors and sizes in the front bakery, and for consumption in the sprawling orange-and-wood retro interior--is made fresh daily.
I order the Jerk Chicken full price off the menu.
I'm no sushi connoisseur, but the food there is so delicious, and such a good value.
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.
Bill for three with 7 plates, glass of sangria each and coffee and one dessert was 45 each with tip - not too bad but a tad overpriced for the serving size of the dishes.
The waiter never came by to check on us after the bus boy brought us our food.
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.
Our experience consistently reflected a lazy attitude by the house towards cooking technique and customer care.
After hearing all of the specials, you would think they were twice as much as the menu prices (as other places do).
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.
However for one appetizer, three entree's, one shared dessert, and two bottles of white, the bill was a cool $100!
Faux Models/Waiters hustle around the tight spaced restaurant, while the bar is crowded with waiting patrons and dates enjoying a drink.
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.
food for fancy prices; menu consisted of one page; antipasto, and pizza; that was pretty much it; the other 3 pages was to my surprize the wine list.
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.
Music is a nice mix of everything from Aerosmith to James Brown to Metallica to disco to whatever else there is.
The wait was not very long and the staff was great.
The service was attentive but overdone for the tiny and very ordinary setting and poor food.
- Seeing the same chef umiliate the waitress (actually the only person in there that really belongs to the restaurant business) in front of the costumers (Man: you are not even man enough to take responsability for your own mistakes and you need a woman to take the fall for you!!!!!!!
Fish was clammy, with slight off taste to some(according to my sashimi-eating dinner companion).
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.
I ordered the seafood platter - the shrimp was hard and overdone, as were the mussels.
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?
), the food portions hearty (I was almost full after my appetizer of warm duck salad), and the quality of food was average to above average.
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.
The last two didn't come to the people who ordered them until they already had there food ( in which then we had to remind the staff of).
i just wish they wld drop some staff though, sometimes you feel like your being stalked by waiters, waiters helper, waterperson, busperson, food runner, supervisors, managers.
I had my brand new $15 lip gloss on the table and the waiter threw it away.
The waiter became visibly irritated when we didn't want to order any drinks at the start of the evening.
The sausage might as well of been Jimmy Dean or from a Hot Dog stand, the Brisket was on the dry side, the Pulled Pork was decent at best, and the Ribs were a giant boiled chunk of fat.
Louis), select sides (stay away from the mac and cheese.
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.
Sam and the staff at Rialto were so accomodating and gave us a dinner event we will always remember.
The prices were outrageous, but we assumed the quality would be commensurate, so we ordered.
This was after we told the clueless hostess we only wanted to have drinks, and she seated us at a table.
Both of our entrees were cold, and my Lobster and Scallop Ravioli left me wondering where the seafood was.
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.
When I was there with a friend the waiter who served us was pretty friendly.
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.
The waiter did not know the menu, and was very unaccomidating about substutions.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is.
We would have left and gone to another restaurant but the host kept saying that a table was opening up in 5 minutes, people had just paid, etc - except when I went to check the table, they were ordering dessert.
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.
We didn't see the solitary waitress after seating ourself for over 10 minutes.
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.
The service on our visit was absolutely awful - a waiter and two helpers couldn't get our orders right and ignored several pleas for basics such as water and beverage refills and utensils to eat desserts with.
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.
We had an hour for lunch, and service was impeccable each time.
the place was empty and the waiters just hung out at the bar.
After dinner and even a few times during the owner came upto us and asked us how we felt about the place and the food which doesn't happen often in Manhattan.
The Food The charming fireplaces and wooden chairs spell cozy cafe-romantic if you're in love, and comfy if you're not.
Besides having Tetley's and Belhaven on tap, the cod and chips are nearly perfect, as are the Fried Mars' bars and Fried Reeses Peanut Butter Cups.
Having dined there over a half-dozen I have tried everything on the menu but depending on what night, time and who is taking your order, be prepared for loud, smokey (it is a bar afterall) and herbed waitstaff.
i went on a thursday evening and the restaurant was pretty empty the server got our drinks wrong 3 times!
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.
The Fettucine Alfredo was appropriately cheesy and dense but the show stopper was the Linguine with white clam sauce.
finally, onto dessert, wherebv the waiter told us he would have to scrape the bottom to give us any ice cream.
After a short 30 minutes of chatting and enjoying our drinks we were approached by the very pretentious Maitre D' who RUDELY demanded we order as our table was needed.
My husband's steak was prepared incorrectly, and the rest of us were almost done eating by the time they got his meal back out.
The servers are constantly in your face asking if you want another drink (mine was half full).
The final blow came when the waitress scorned our 16% tip for the meal.
Seemed like they got something wrong with every drink order Bartenders were def.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
The cheese muffins served before the meal and the butter cookies given to us after dinner, were the highlight of our dining experience.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.
I've heard that if you sit at the sushi bar, you can request rolls, but if you're at a table, the rolls are just the fish wrapped in seaweed with rice (which is still good, but I really love creative rolls).
I haven't had much Argentinian cuisine, but the food there is really good.
Crowded waiting area in entrance forced you to sweat out the wait for a table while standing over other diners.
Both appetizers arrived cold/luke-warm, which we had to send back, only to have the waiter tell us that one was supposed to be cold.
I must admit the times my family (6 or more) have had dinner there the service seemed to forget us after serving the main course.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Having just returned from Bourbon Street, I thought I had experienced the steepest drink prices in the US, but this is worse than N'awlins, where at least the expensive drinks cover wonderful live music.
Don't go if you want a serene environment to go with your sushi.
I had the Steamed Mussels and Clams and the sauce was to die for.
If you're looking a spicy vindaloo or a tikka masala head to a curry house instead.
servings are plentiful and evey dish is delicious (except for the lemon potatoes).
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.
They also have Korean BBQ and very beer-friendly Korean appetizer(like KimChee).
The Scene Every time another loud, bouncy Mexican tune kicks in on the corner jukebox, you'd swear this small diner is on the brink of a full-on fiesta.
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.
drink, share your delicious entree's and then head to the bar to mingle.
There are few tables; most likely, you'll be seated at the bar or on a stool facing the wall.
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.
If you mind waiting for your pie to be made (the wait canbe over an hour, especially for a square pie), I recommend calling ahead and placing your order for pick-up.
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.
Today I placed a lunch order and the guy hung up on me while I was saying thank you!
The menu was nothing special (I had to switch my entree choices several times because the server told me that the portion is really REALLY small!)
you need to steer clear of--our fish was burned on the outside, raw on the inside and we won't even discuss the fried oysters and clams (we had ONE clam!)
We had a 9:30pm reservation for two which stretched out to an hour wait.
The liquid brunch consisting of 3 drinks (bloody marys, mimosas or screwdrivers) and coffee and an entree is quite a bargain.
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).
But the service, though invariably genial and helpful, can be weirdly haphazard -- waiters disappear mysteriously, only to reemerge just when you've decided their shift must have ended -- possibly an understaffing issue?
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.
The rude and unaccomodating hostess (who we later learned was the manager) repeatedly promised us the next table but never offered to buy us a drink while we waited.
Though if the restaurant got bigger, the service and quality of the food would probably suffer.
I specifically recommend the eggs with potato pancakes for breakfast and the orange beef for dinner.
Fun atmosphere, good beer selection, but meals were skimpy portions on big plates and the service was weak - never had the same server/waitperson come back twice.
I walk in ask to take a look a the menu and was greeted by the a nasty not so passive aggressive hostess.
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.
That bastion of authentic Mexican food in Spanish Harlem that earned raves by white reviewers, leading other gringos to nervously venture to Spanish Harlem and pretend they're trendy to pay too much for food that is only marginally better than the place around the corner.
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?
They have little booths if you want a little privacy w/ your date~ and they have large tables for families and groups.
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.
So when i walked in i was just blown away by the lighting, flowers, wood and iron work, a reservationist, and a full bar.
The portions were very big for appetizers (calimari and fried zucchini) but average for the entrees (chicken marsala, spaghetti w/ meatballs) and very expensive of course.
The Service was en pointe and I felt like the servers were always aware of our wants, whether it was punctual refill of water, new napkins, etc.
While the server offered nothing, the host apologized, and said that he hoped that I would return again, perhaps for brunch.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.
Apparently, the waitress informed us that they change the menu at 5 Ninth every few days, which kind of explains the hit or miss situation.
They were more than happy to seat us even though we were early for our reservation.
The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter gave thoughtful advice on dishes that would be suitable for the children.
I would only recommend this restaurant to a friend if waiting at least 40 minutes for your RESERVATION is acceptable, and you don't mind paying for relatively standard fare.
He did do the service part well enough -- brought the food, etc.
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.
me , i hated it, the center of the pork one was frozen,  salad was ok, wine was a little corcked.
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.
I've only been here once for dinner but I think the lunch specials are definitely a better deal.
Although we had to wait a long while and the hostess was very busy behind the bar, she was very apologetic and sincere which made it feel ok to have to wait.
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?
Although we were seated 35 minutes after our reservation the service from then on was outstanding.
Since the service was so poor, we asked if they could offer any concessions - complimentary drinks?
Our waitress asked us if we wanted anything else, we said only the check - she quickly scooped up our not-yet finished food.
Waiter dropped check on table while I was in the middle of handing my wife her anniversary present.
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.
The sangria was served quickly and often.
Bountiful sushi platters, which focus on familiar basics like salmon and tuna, are best followed by green-tea ice cream for dessert.
Each dish had its own distinct character and pleasant flavor surprises.
Nonetheless, we are looking forward to the next time for more pizza and the great service.
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.
Once we had our menus we were nearly assaulted by wait staff asking if we were ready to order.
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.
The place was small and simple, but I never cared about service or decor.
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.
While the decor is a bit bland--a white room with a few fake palm trees and thatched roof--the service is fast and friendly.
The Raz Mojito is excellent (stay away from the champagne).
The food was horrible, we had the Peking duck salad, tuna, vegetable fried rice, and the spinach.
I'll give it to Sea; the decor is pretty cool and the food was good, but the service was beyond terrible!
I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere.
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.
and to get an extra side vegtable was close to $20 for overdone asparagus that had no taste.
Eggs benedict with smoked salmon was equally fine and the portion was adequate for lunch.
the wait for our drinks, appetizers and food was very long, the food was mediocre, and it was a bit pricey.
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.
The mariachi band that walked around during dinner was fun and like I stated before the food is delish!
Went to Gallaghers for the first time on a Saturday night, had no problem getting reservations, great staff-great service.
The chef even came out with a sample some new appetizers he's working on (the tuna tartare is a keeper!
Even better was the food, had shrimp wrapped in prosciutto, followed by lamb chops, and of course a double macchiato to finish it all off.
I love the food and as a person that does not drink often or regularly, I am practically addicted to their sangria.
The amble sweetbreads and goat cheese/caviar ravioli appetizers were memorable, but the highlight of our dinner was the scallops in a cream reduction entree - truly heavenly.
The whole time we were waiting the hostess kept talking to us, telling us we wouldn't lose our reservation, and even gave us free blue margarita shots!
Also the waiter anever asked if the steaks were cooked to out liking or if we wanted anything else.
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!
The managers aren't snobby for wanting reservations -- it's a new restaurant and they're trying to manage the flow of diners.
I went there recently with my boyfriend and not only did it take the waitress 20 minutes to acknowledge we were even there, 20 minutes to get us water and coffee and even MORE time to place our order and get food!
A good restaurant would have at least comped desert or sent over a round of drinks for such a long wait -- we didn't even get an apology from a manager.
The sweetness of succulent barbecued pork and thick salsa cruda counterpoint a salty and garlicky fresh guacamole.
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.
The average price of a meal (app, entree, 1 drink and tip) is probably around $28.
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.
Our waitress was merely inattentive at first but became just plain hostile after we had the nerve to ask about the wine we had ordered to go with dinner (we were halfway through our entrees and still no wine).
We did enjoy the recommended, yet simple $40 sangiovese, atmosphere and loosey-goosey service, but we were disappointed overall.
I went to Mocca with my boyfriend for a few drinks and food, and I was really impressed by the service.
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.
The Food Chef Nao Sugiyama serves in the traditional kaiseki style--a kind of tasting menu consisting of between six and 12 small courses.
4 of had dinner here last Saturday and we were all very disappointed with the food and the service.
Go in, take a deep breath and expect great food, fairly priced with just about the worst service in North Jersey!
The crust was a crispy tan dream come true with those little blackened air bubbles and chewy center.
We told the waitress a few more were coming and ordered drinks.
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.
Our salads and appetizers were brought at the same time and we barely had time to enjoy them before a team of waiters whisked them (and our bread!)
Her attitude put a damper on the evening, as did the stares from some servers when we took a peek into the cheese cellar.
When I went back to the hostess (yes it was past the time we had for our original reservation) - she said that it was fine to get seated but we needed to leave in an hour.
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.
one waiter couldn't remember what we had to drink and we were the only people in the place.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
I went with a party of 7, we all had drinks, tomato and onion salad, slabs of bacon, all the extras and magnificent steaks.
The waitstaff can be hard to track down and uninformed about the menu.
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.
The oysters were warm as was the sushi that was served over dry rice.
Try the salmon - I was a bit concerned about the fennel - but this dish's combination of textures and flavors left me wanting more.
I think I'm going to start taking the food and coffee to go b/c everytime I go there (which is quite often) I get more frustrated with the service.
PDiddy need a new staff you would have thought it was a bunch of old people cooking the food and waiting on us.
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.
I don't drink coffee so I can't judge that but if you want a friendly place to take a time out- read - people watch and enjoy a bagle, pastry or sandwitch this is a great place with liberal politics and nop pretensions.
Whatever the twist they supposedly have added is nothing new in Chinese cuisine (maybe except foie gras).
Dinner was recently a lamb special - large gristly hunks of lamb slopped on plate, swimming in a pool of watery sauce with chopped asparagus thrown all over plate.
A great place to eat or just hang out at the bar.
I have dined at JG many times for dinner and lunch over the past two years and both the food and the service is by far the best compared to others in NYC or else where.
Waitress was nice but didnt know some specials and was alittle off, think she was new.
The top layer of my adobo salad was nice enough, but just below the surface it began to swim in a cloyingly sweet dressing, so that it became like some weird melted jello concoction.
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!
My friend and I had brunch the coffee was cold, too much worcestershire sauce in the bloody mary.
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.
The burger was just a big klump of dry meat with 1 slice of cheese.
The menu consists of a tasting selection, Austrian, traditional American, and the chef's recommended menu.
Check out the little room with the red seats and candles and get a green dragon saketini - it's worth the NYC cocktail price ($14).
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.
50, I got the Paella Marinera which was beyond filling in itself, but before it even came, the waitstaff provided more than ample appetizers for my group that by the time that the meal came to us, we were so stuffed, we could barely finish up the meal.
Keep in mind, no one else was even in the restaurant and we were asking the waitress questions about entree options.
The waitress was unbelievably rude to my friend and myself when she realized that we were ordering appetizers as our entrees.
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.
The word chicken was barely out of my mouth when the waiter rushed away from my table without asking me about side orders or a drink.
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).
Main dishes encompass the usuals--like chocolatey chicken mole and grilled flank steak-- well as seasonal specials, like soft-shell crabs with orange tequila sauce.
their filet mignon was prepared very well but lacked the flavor and savvy I generally require food at that price to have.
Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.
Some other appetizers fell short of expectations though (ie, good, but not worth the price), like the tempura and veggies.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
After taking unusually long to bring the wine, the waiter could not open the bottle and had to get a different one.
UNREAL LUNCH can't go wrong with pastas or sandwiches, thin crust pizza is good, would steer away from the deep dish.
Waiters and busboys were taking our water glasses and the tip tray off the table before we had counted the change.
At the end of the meal the manager stopped by and said dessert was on her.
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.
A basic sandwich/burger menu is also served for pre-ice cream nourishment--just always remember to leave room for dessert!!
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.
The food was below average , I'm not a great cook and I could have cooked a better meal.
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.
Even if you have to wait a bit for a reservation, the hostess will come over to apologize, update you on the wait and make sure you are comfortable.
i ordered non-sushi rolls and enjoyed my meal.
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.
My friend and I were the ONLY 2 people in the entire place seated for dinner and after sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to walk over to our surly waiter and ask for menus.
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.
The handwritten menu makes me think the choices change frequently -- we started with pumpkin fritters and then had bunny rabbit and sea bass cakes.
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.
After sitting without any beverages for about fifteen minutes, the manager got up and poured a glass of water for his smacking companion.
It was super busy, but our waiter still had time to chat, and knew the menu very well.
When I asked for a particular drink, the waitress gave me dirty look and annoyed b/c they didn't know what it was.
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.
BTW, the prices are very affordable, which make the mediocer service tolerable.
and don't be ashamed to ask for more during the hour long wait for your entrees.
What we were treated to, instead, was snooty attitude by the waiter and the maitre d' and a dinner I couldn't eat.
Still my favorite part of the restaurant and bar adjacent are the drinks.
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.
We tried their new menu that just started last Wednesday a combination of 4 different kind of ceviches and 4 kinds of Tiradito, of course you can't go wrong with spicy Tuna Rolls and The Peruvian Corn mmmm!
Even with reservations, we had to wait 20 minutes until our server came to take our order, then waited an HOUR 10 minutes for our food!
It takes forever for them to serve you just drinks, and some of the waiters seem to not comprehend what you order.
The next thing we know, the bartender comes over and says (and I quote verbatim), I already gave you two beers (which he hadn't).
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
i would not go after the early bird b/c its not worth it, find better food for full prices.
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.
The noise here is so bad that people entered and left without ordering and they lowered the lights during the dinner.
Tapas, served four at a time in small white porcelain trays, are a highlight--salt cod fritter stuffed with parsley-garlic sauce melts in the mouth, while pan-fried duck liver sits in a rich mix of sherry vinegar, honey and black pepper.
The complementary cognac at the end of dinner will leave you with a smile on your face :).
To complain about waiting for a table, etc.
We got there a bit early and the staff wasn't ready for us but we didn't mind b/c we got to wait by the beautiful bar.
Seemed to be many problems just getting our appetizers out (guacamole, which was delicious when it finally came) and we were there an hour before entrees arrived.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
There are several specials that change daily, which the servers recite from memory.
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.
The fruit that came with the fondu was perfectly ripe, no bruises at all.
Instead of doing so, the manager came to our table and told us he'd be happy to take our orders off if we didn't like the way he ran his restaurant.
My friends and I had a great time - the atmosphere was exciting but didn't encroach on us while we had our meal and drinks (which is better, the kiwitini or the watermelon martini?)
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.
Went with a large group of 7 ladies before a show, and the staff was extremely obliging, even when one person was late and we had to wrap up her dinner to take to her.
Jalepeno slices and a little bit of cheese, yes again them hamburgers make me weak in my knees.
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.
And price is over value for two persons dinner $ 90.
We also had an extra appetizer-some sort of fish roll, which was dipped in spicy sauce.
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.
We went there just for dinner, and the place was so good we didn't leave.
The ambience is cool, and the cocktails might be worth coming by, but head somewhere else for dinner.
When her boyfriend told the host that she would like to keep her seat as it was, he grabbed a chair and slammed it down very hard on the floor.
my boyfriend's fish was overwhelmed by the sauce.
The Bollos appetizer, this deliciouss black bean, roasted corn fritter w/ a tsty dipping sauce and the Mahi Mahi was grilled just right.
Our waitress seemed less than happy about the prix fixe dinner choices and at one point said, Do you really need to hear the specials?
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.
There is a litte bit of a wait on the food, but it is well worth it!
but above all, they do have fresh fish, especially salmon and yellowtail.
The calamari, the penne and vodka sauce, the friendly service the parking and the open area kitchen to see all the action in the making!
One server came and gave us food that turned out to be someone else's.
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.
The chef/owner is always walking around making sure everyone is having a good time.
A shrimp dish that was boiled and in a sauce that tasted like unflavored jello.
After losing our reservation the staff at March called 24 hours later to apologize and ask if we would still like to dine there.
Enough space between tables that you don't feel crowded or that it's too loud.
This is a wonderful mix of food from Turkey and the Caucasus.
The waiter messed up my order and we had to hunt down the wait staff to get a second drink.
Unfortunately for them, we would have ordered twice as many drinks if we didn't have to wait half an hour for the waitress between every drink.
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!
Appetizers: those that we tried were good, though skip the soup, cuz you can eat that at home since it tasted like Campbells.
Asking for the menu is out of line and unusual where the staff is actually insulted if you choose not to rely on their expertise on average Chinese food selections.
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.
Like the previous reviewer said, the appetizers were by far the best part (chipotle chicken wings).
The complimentary salmon with horseradish sauce was delicious and I don't even like eating fish.
The plain slice is a bit pricey for what you get sometimes, but the pre-made multi-topping slices are a bargain at $3 a pop.
I tried both and definitley thought the duck was amazing, I'm not generally not a big fan of lamb shank but thought they did a good job here.
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.
The ubiquitous nasty plastic cheese bread that passes for pizza in too many NYC establishments these days.
Once we had ordered etc, the wait for our meal was not long and the food was fabulous.
Much to my satisfaction, I was seated promptly without a reservation and soon after being seated was greeted by my server.
Out waitress never came back to our table after taking our food orders.
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.
The waiter kept pestering us for our order even though we were among the last diners.
The waitress lost some points for not refilling our champagne glasses.
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.
The waitress was slow and forgot drinks and food we ordered.
Fajitas, a house specialty, are available with nearly a dozen different fillings, from mesquite-grilled chicken to portobello mushrooms and asparagus.
We had to remind the waiter to pour our wine (white) and then he didn't show us the label.
Those of you who are sick of the standard Italian fare will be blown away by the food at Arezzo.
The value for this place was great-- we had 2 drinks, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 1 chocolate cake (yummy!!)
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.
Even when the place has been packed with tables (I saw a party of 12 in there last time), the waiters and bartenders are still nice.
the fillet minion was a little too salty and the chicken was average but the side dishes with each meat was amazing.
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.
Enjoy dishes like a Maine lobster and rock shrimp BLT in a sundried-tomato tortilla wrap (Lobster Man From Mars) and a roasted pork chop with vanilla-rum mashed yams and apple chutney (Promethean Pork Chop).
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.
Despite a slightly snotty server (our waitress was great) I cant wait to hop back on the L train and cruz on over.
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.
Large portions of food to share.
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!
My grandmother-in-law had a problem with her meal, and the manager AND chef came over and offered to replace it and/or take it off the check.
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.
AVOID - there are WAY better pre-theater places, like Orso, Hell's Kitchen, etc for the same price.
You can't fault them for serving up some pretty good food, even if it's a bit overpriced.
This place is cheap and so much better for spending your football Sunday than the nightmarishly crowded Times Square ESPN Zone or a more trendy sports bar.
My favorites: warm veal with goat cheese (just melts in your mouth), the gnocchi with crab meat, and for dessert - the beignets are unbelievable.
Two of us could eat a full meal with two desserts and a salad for $40.
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.
nicely decorated with cool rock and roll photos and after dinner the nightlife tends to pick up.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
Brunch is what Friend of a Farmer is known for, however dinner is equally impressive.
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.
Even more impressive, when my vegetarian girlfriend started asking whether certain dishes were made with meat, the waiter offered to have a vegetable plate created for her -- and it was quite well done too.
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!
After my friend and I were seated, we were greeted by a gorgeous waitress, who helped us make our way through the large selection of choices on the menu.
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.
I expected there to be more options for tapas the food was mediocre but the service was pretty good.
We were able to get a table right away on Friday night, but we only saw our server twice and he failed to give us the specials, we overheard him tell the table right next to us after we had ordered and were already into our salads.
The oil is changed frequently, and the food never tastes TOO HEAVY.
We were hassled about seating by our waiter who seemed at the end of his pony-tail, so we opted for the bar, quaintly decorated with giant fly strips.
Pizza is supposed to have an extremely thin crust, and a sauce which is actually made of crushed tomatoes instead of tomato paste.
One thing that is great is there is a pitcher of water at each table, great for people who can't handle the spices.
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.
I highly suggest you make reservations, as wait times can be extremely long.
Our server was just fantastic, she recommended that we order a lot of different dishes, so we did, we tried almost everything on the menu, we were a party of six and the whole group enjoyed everything.
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.
the specials were excellent, everything was delicious down to the olive oil they serve when you sit down.
The white tablecloths covering closely-packed, old wood tables; waitresses with accents and up-turned noses; warm firelight ambience; boisterous crowds drinking wine -- it's all here.
After leaving the traditional 15% tip, the waiter ran after us for half a block to confront.
Dominic will give you the ambience of the old times when they were all immigrants and good food was equivalent of good friends and unforgettable times.
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.
from the legendary Big Mac to new and exciting menu items like Chicken Parm and the Big Extra Mickey D's is always expanding their menu!
Their version of chicken tikka masala tastes nothing like what it should- it's basically chunks of chicken with stewed tomatoes, and of course, half of the dish is cilantro.
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.
(And the mixed steamed seafood appetizer took *forever* to arrive -- apparently the oysters here are shucked by machine, and they only have one shucker, so if more than one table orders anything off of that section of the menu, you'll be waiting a while.
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.
I went there for brunch, I hated this place : Incompetent service, cold food (even if I dont think it could have been better warm), flat soda.
After being sat for dinner, we enjoyed the fresh bread and butter before the salad and main course.
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.
The waitress had an ongoing diatribe with a waiter the whole time she served us-it was ALL BAD!!
The Food The owners' visits to farmers' markets in Brooklyn drive the ingredient-centric New American menu, which changes about once a month.
Standouts among appetizers include hypnotically aromatic laska, a Southeast Asian soup; a trio of smoky seared scallops atop a mix of chili sauce and creme fraiche; and seared rare kangaroo served with a bright green, sweet-hot pepper relish.
The staff knows all about the food and the Chef is very visible visiting tables and overseeing the dining room.
when the wine is the best thing at dinner, its not a good thing.
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.
A friend and I went for dinner, the host was rude to us as we walked in, we stayed because the decor is charming and we wanted french food.
Whole roasted branzino, a well-charred rib eye steak and roast suckling pig are typical dinner entrees.
We went to the Sunday brunch, and were pleasantly surprised to find a jazz combo there.
We had some sorta of kobe sashimi salad with coconut shavings which was phenomenol and a lobster ravioli.
Come here to drink, but don't come here for a meal.
The place was busy and had a bohemian feel.
The high prices and small portions reflect the hype of a new Battali restaurant as well as the cache that comes with having to make a reservation a week in advance only to wait to be seated.
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.
I had lunch with 3 friends of mine, all ordered different pasta dishes and we all loved each of ours!
the COOKED STUFF were OVERCOOKED, the lobster tail was DRY, and CRAB melted in your mouth like mashed potatoes, the salads and dessert looked like they were lunchtime leftovers.
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.
Our wine was not brought out until AFTER our entree was served.
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.
The waiter's recommendation for the entree (seabass in a lime and mango chutney) exceeded our expectations and we ate the chutney to the last drop.
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.
Not 5 minutes passed before the server actually tapped us on the shoulder and, I swear to god, ASKED US TO LEAVE because they had a reservation.
For appetizer I order the Pasteis filled with Goat cheese Toasted Pinenuts.
Everything I have had just tasted like salt-not garlic,not cheese,salt-only thing i can figure is that since they churn it out in such quantity the quality's gotta suffer, wouldnt go back unless dragged or for a drink.
A few times at the bar I felt as though the Sushi chef an older gentleman was laughing at me and my girlfriend.
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.
I like pad thai shrimp and shrimp tempura roll ,for dessert just try banana rum.
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.
Our appetizers came out the same time as our entree and our waitress disappeared quite frequently.
this place was ok I guess since they have karaoke goin' on with a free shot if you sing.
Desserts include a sweet masala chai and keer, and cardamom- and saffron-flavored rice pudding.
the steak and chicken fajitahs were good, a bit too much sauce on the meat for my taste.
Evidently, our waiter went to the Mediterrean for our humus pita because it took about 25 minutes.
I took my boyfriend there for his birthday, he got the biggest single serve steak available, we each had an appetizer, i had a glass of wine and the meal cost about $110, which is good for a great NYC resturant.
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
My mother and I had our chairs bumped over a dozen times by hasty waiters.
The appetizers are really pricey particularly once you see the size (or lack thereof).
Clever decor with lower false ceiling to distinguish the bar area.
My group and I cancelled whatever drinks we ordered (no food order since there was NO wait staff) and left.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
Finally, the manager had the audacity to lock the doors, presumably to prevent us from skipping out on the bill, while one of our friends went to an ATM to get cash.
THe ribs are good and I havent had anything on the menu that did taste great.
My tuna tatare was laden with salt and soy sauce - tasted like cheap chinese instead of great fish.
The pad thai has a nutty, mild flavor and can be ordered with chicken, shrimp, crab, lobster or tofu, or combinations thereof.
We were on a table of 6, and loved the food,the Portugues salmon and the sirloin steak with cream sauce were loved by everyone, the apetizers were a bit too small for he price they charge.
When we confronted the hostess, she told us that there were 3 of them and only 2 of us, and that the 3 women had a reservation at 8:30pm.
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!
At one point, the waiter told us that he couldn't find our wine!
(We did make reservations, since we had a group of 8, but had a short wait when arriving a little early.
The menu was small, but the food delicious.
For appetizers try vegetable samosas and chicken wings.
We tried to get the manager who flatly refused to come to our table and discuss the problem with us.
The owner has taken over three dining tables for her computer, adding machine, phone and assorted and untidy papers.
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.
The drinks are just as expensive as the chain coffee houses.
A waiter looked me in the eye and said we did not order wine, as if to infer we were making this up.
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.
However, the service has SIGNIFICANTLY declined since they expanded into the back room.
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.
The place was a bit busy when I got there so we ate at the bar.
The best dish out of our 3 mains: quail with figs (also had the rabbit chicken), I suggest ordering a few plates to share as one would normally do with tapas.
Both times I sat in the lounge area which is very appealing, but right in front of the bar, which explains my frustration for being ignored while dropping a lot of money for decent food and wine.
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.
Very pleasant looking bar area and a lounge area with free pool.
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!
After reading all the reviews here and many glowing recommendations on food blogs, I thought I MUST try this pizza!
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.
My group got charged an outrageuos $63/person for a family-style dinner, including a 23% tip added for the horrible service.
We were told by the front door hostess since we didn't have a reservation, it would be about 45mins for a table, but we could wait at the lounge and they would get us when our table was ready.
Apart from the rare to medium rare mistake on my steak, the food was ok and and not worth the money.
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.
And the service is unbearable - I waited for ages to get my drink, got the wrong sushi order, and had my appetizer whisked away prematurely.
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.
The waiters do not pay any attention to the customers, instead sit at the bar and watch TV.
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.
for dessert , you can't go wrong with the buttermilk panacotta with rhubarb compote, or the righteous cheesecake.
Ok, it's not greasy steak and juicy burger good, but it's a light healthy fare, if you are into that kind of stuff.
When there are ten open tables in a room, the hostess insisted on seating peopl on top of each other.
For the prices, the food is decidedly lackluster, and the service, unless you are a regular, can be quite rude.
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!
I had dinner with my friend, and regardless of our $100 check, I overheard the waiter say that we had been there too long.
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.
The Food Crispy flatbreads and excellent olive oil start the meal, but save room--chef-owner Rocco Sacramone's abbondanza means you'll be going home with doggie bags.
We asked the waitress very nicely to please change the playlist to something more appropriate for dinner, she chuckled to herself and said sure but never changed it.
We went for lunch on Saturday, wait wasn't bad considering that it had only opened recently.
The complimentary desssert with the Greek coffee knocked my socks off!
I stopped in here for a pre-theater dinner, and I must say I was very happy with my meal.
People were leaving because they had been waiting for hours, however we decided to stay and have a complimentary drink at the bar which was absoloutely beautiful along with the view, the only plus.
As the waitress cleaned the table in a rush she knocked over a party bag containing a glass bottle with bath oil.
Between the 6 of us we tried almost everything on the menu and we were all very pleased with our meals.
Since the menu is not organized in the way to describe the size of each dish, and there is no omakase nor a course, waiter's recommendation may be crucial to decide what to order, but he just recommended what he likes without considering appropriate amount for one person, and even served shellfish to whom who had mentioned she is allergic to shellfish!
Even though it wasn't totally full, the waitress had to RUN around the restaurant, and the drinks and the food took a LONG time to arrive.
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.
We received our food and coffee at the same time, and couldn't get the attention of any waiter to refill our cups.
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.
We tried explaining nicely to them that we were just finishing up a drink, and after a brief, unprofessional discussion with the two waiters, they told us never to come back again.
my date's non veg thali was really expensive and had like one or two pieces of meat in each sauce.
We fully relied on our very capable waiter for choices of the menu and we were not disappointed.
There were many helpful people, not only one waiter - kept refilling the water, the wine, asking if everything was okay.
Also lovely was the atmosphere; the high ceilings and spacious room make it a nice contrast from the other brunch mills on the upper west side.
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.
For lunch I had the Carnitas de Puercos (pork tacos), which was a bit bland and the portions are kind of small dont expect to chow down.
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!
At one point I noticed the grime on the mustard bottle and asked the waitress for a clean one.
if you don't mind slow service and limited selections on the menu occasionally, then you might consider dining there.
the regular prices looked pretty expensive (~$15 per appetizer, ~$35 per entre) so the restaurant week menu (at $35pp) seemed like a sweet deal.
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.
Even with reservations, checking in, and a generally quiet night, the hostess forgot that we were there and gave our table to her friends.
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.
Stumbled unto this little gem early one saturday afternoon and was thoroughly pleased with the wonderful little backyard.
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.
The Food The fare is mostly traditional, with a few contemporary specials offered nightly.
A typical old New York steak-house atmosphere - no ambience, comfort or class, but some of the best steak you will ever have.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.
A freind invited me for lunch at Home because he said they have the best hamburgers.
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.
The ingredients are fabulously fresh and the pizza's well-prepared -- but the crust doesn't match up to John's.
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.
After each of them had had one drink, one of the managers came up to our table and told us that he no longer felt comfortable serving us any more margaritas.
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.
Ask for the cocktail menu it has a plenty selection of drinks.
The service was very good, although the food was mediocre.
Had dinner here this past Friday night with some friends and Salmon River definitely did not disappointment.
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.
Even though the food was prepared nicely, it was definitely lacking flavor.
However, we were never served bread with our meals and the restaurant is too crowded.
Yes, hard not to look at the waitresses (and they're really good servers), but as I'm reminded by everyone who knows Hooters, they don't rank anywhere near the girls at the Hooters locations South of the ol' Mason-Dixon.
Cute decor, but rather small so the dining room can get very smoky if the bar is crowded.
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.
(must try the fois gras appetizer and chocolate milkshake for dessert.
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.
Overall, I good place to take a date or have a small group of friends for dinner.
We were seated promptly there were a few people waiting in the bar, but had ordered quickly been at the table less than 45 mins.
' When I reasoned with them that my dining partner already received her hot entree and was halfway done eating, and all I ordered was two rolls, the wait staff finally got the idea that maybe they should be trying to get me my order.
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.
The red Borsht provides a hearty meal for $1.
The margaritas took me on an instant vacation, and although there was a bit of a wait for a table, the food was well worth it.
Don't forget to get quacamole made at your table (it's $10 extra) I told the waitress it was my cousin's birthday and they brought out a cake and the mariachi band played at our table.
The other dish was arroz con pollo, the chicken was delicions and the rice was a greasy but good.
I met five of my friends for dinner at Blockheads last Friday night and had a good time.
Dylan Prime is one of an increasingly small number of restaurants in NYC that take reservations for large groups.
on the food-front while adding just enough of a civilized atmosphere where you won't worry about either your neighbor or the wait staff biting off one of your fingers.
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
We had a very nice and entertaining waitress who was very much on top of our table.
Lousy, hard as a rock home made potato chips that could slice a tomato as well as a soda can.
), the BBQ salmon was good if not a bit too salty from the heavy miso.
Along with the regular items on the menus, they also offer some wonderful specials--and if an item is not on a menu, they always do their best to accommodate.
Two curiosities: on my last two visits, the salad's lettuce had clearly seen better days, and on my last visit, I was told that I couldn't have coffee at the end of the meal (we were asked to go next door!)
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
was yelling at the rest of the waitstaff audibly enough that I was able to follow his entire tirade from where I sat in the secondary dining room.
Went here for a casual Sunday night dinner at 7:45pm; dinner was served at 10:15pm!
I ordered a thin-crust individual meat pizza which was big enough for two and my companion ordered pasta with pesto.
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.
The red sauce had no flavor, the cheese lacked that fresh quality cheese taste you expect from a well-known pizzaria, and the slice overall was really dry.
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.
They need to change the overall decor if they want to get a serious dinner crowd though.
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.
If you live downtown, definitely grab one of their menus, make a phone call and relax in front of the tv while they pound the pavement to get to you (although they do take about 45 minutes on average to get to you)-- the in restaurant service is likewise very very good.
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.
I had the lobster ravioli--good size portion with a delicious vodka cream sauce.
the waitress never asked us how the food was or if we needed anything.
The food, however, is completely uninteresting - my special of the day pasta was decent, but definitely not worth the money, the wine wasn't particularly spectacular, and the bread.
The food was OK at best, and if you don't LOVE cheese don't even consider going here.
Sit at the bar (no reservations necessary), eat, talk to the bartender, and enjoy, b/c come dinnertime you will pay quadruple the price (but it's still worth it).
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.
Did not get to dessert as it took a while to get the server's attention and we had a show to get to.
To the amusement of our server, I wrote everything down, lest I forget a single morsel (about 21 different dishes).
Man, that chicken (in some kind of spicy soup) was yummy!
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.
The owners couldn't have been more accomodating -- we had the entire restaurant to ourselves on a Saturday (before it opens to the public for dinner).
The service was autrocious in fact my order came out wrong and our wine was never repoured throughout the entire dinner, which lasted 3 hours.
Place was okay, the food was definitely not worth the money, however the appetizers were good, we had the jumbo shrimp and oysters.
The service was a bit inadequate-and be warned they bring your food as it is ready- so be sure to order apps then after being served order entrees.
Ten minutes later: no burgers and no sign of our waiter.
For the high price you would pay (dinner for the two could run $80), you sure do get alot.
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.
We both had habtchi, a bottle of plum wine, and 3 appetizer, the food was great, and I really didnt find the wait to be that long like some the other review said.
the pasta I had for lunch was $12, but my dessert, which was a small slice of apple pie, was $10!
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.
I liked the beer selection!
Your drink is at your fingertips and you don't have to wait for the waitress to come back with your cocktail.
We were seated promptly for a Saturday lunch, but service was incredibly slow.
They don't load their pizza down with tons of cheese nor is it dripping with sauce.
I had to stare out waitress down to get our check and also we were charge.
The hostess did offer free drinks to my party due to the wait, but we were more interested in eating after said long wait.
Sure, the hostess can be rude, but when in the mood for authentic Mexican food, there is no better place in NYC, yet.
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.
We had a few toro and white tuna sashimi as well as a couple roll like the park avenue (which was not listed on the menu but recommended by the waiter) and the paris match roll.
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.
Worth the trip and the wait (and the higher than average price)?
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.
My date and I had entrees, soup, and appetizers (fresh spinach pierogies) for $33 - ($40 with the tip).
The pizza is baked in a wood burning oven and the flavor is fantastic.
Noodle bowls are mixed with tempura vegetables, mountain yam, mushrooms, or spiced with curry or cold citrus dipping sauces.
Upon walking in and noticing the exposed red brick wall and the white tableclothes and and huge rack of various wines behind the bar, I felt like I was in a truly authentic Italian restaurant.
They serve food with an entire loaf of freshly-baked bread, crusty on the outside and unbelievably warm and gooey in the center.
I love the steak and eggs with a bloody mary that costs around $7 bucks.
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.
The entree -- a decent filet mignon, soupy mashed potatoes, and, believe it or not, frozen mixed veggies!
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.
Two dogs and an adequately sized drink for two dollars.
The snooty manager asked us to leave and gave us our check in the middle of our meal.
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.
I still go often, but the prices went up a little and the service is even slower now that they're always full during dinner hours.
The music is a mix of house radio as well as live band at the same time.
Great when the band is playing, not so great when there's a large party at the bar.
We were seated promptly and brought rolls and water but then were made to wait much too long before our beverage order was taken and then much much too long before our waiter came back for a food order.
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.
Suddenly the manager, came to our table yelling absolutely no way we can have a drink after dinner becuase he has tables waiting Just to be clear we spent over $70 and had 1 drink each, we used the table for about 1hour and 15 minutes.
We ate at the bar to avoid waiting for a table.
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.
I am hoping the stale service was a one shot deal because it was deplorable for what we paid for dinner!
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.
My hubby's a very picky eater, (plain, no condiments, no cheese, just salt pepper, and onions) and as busy as they were, they got it RIGHT THE FIRST TIME!!
The waiter nearly yelled at me when I asked for more water.
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.
Appetizers and drinks came on time, but we waited 40/45 minutes for entrees.
The sauce has a lemony olivey taste and the crust has the right mix of chewey and crunchy textures.
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.
The menu, which combines pan-Asian influences, offers a wide range of stir-fries and noodle dishes, with several varieties of momo (Tibetan dumplings) as highlights.
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.
But the service was absolutely terrible, and we watied 45 minutes for food.
When we finally had to see the manager because I had lemon juice spilled on me from the waiter- she even took over 10 minutes to come to the table.
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.
a drink or two went by, but as we slowly realized our wait had become an hour from the promised 20 min, the server noted upon our inquiry that they recognized and remembered us and would seat us soon- rolling eye look- matched by a tone protesting the uncouth annoyance.
Seated by a moody hostess and presented a menu that included live food-samples.
But the wait staff's attitude will make me rethink about returning.
We ordered 1/2 bottle of Gruner, 2 appetizers - foie gras and oysters, 2 entrees - steak and diver scallops, and 1 dessert, the pastry chef's favorite a mixture of crushed avocado, salt glazed caramel and lime sorbet (which really tasted like margarita infused guacamole, to try only if you're feeling wd-50 adventurous) for around $100.
On our second trip, our waiter had an attitude, was slow to bring/refill drinks, and we had to flag him down for EVERYTHING.
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.
sirloin was spectacular -- tender, succulent and savory -- and even the salad and dessert (items where you might be willing to cut a steakhouse some slack) were superb.
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.
They have even just expanded to include lunch hours at very reasonable prices.
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.
!While you are there, try the stuffed chicken wings, the salmon and take a stroll into the restroom.
Hot foods selection every weekday for lunch.
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.
Expect to stand around for a while before one of the waiters desides that they can be bothered to actually get you to a seat.
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
40 minutes later, the waitress finally looked at our table and we asked about our dishes.
Went for lunch but wanted to order a la carte, which was so highly discouraged by the waiter (pushing the 10.
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.
The atmosphere is fun -- dark, pulsing, basement room; a place where you feel like you can relax.
i also like their cocktail menu and dessert menu (try the black tea rose ice cream and the coconout waffles).
Order the jalapeno cheddar potatoes- My meal tasted like mom's homemade cooking!
Sadly, many people feel the need to berate their server for a stronger drink.
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.
They moved us upstairs to an area where they were setting up for a private party -- we had no server, and had to flag down people setting up for the party to get us drinks, silverware, water, etc.
Shaved tuna and small tapioca balls--a playful substitute for roe--float in an addictive, tart-smooth pool of coconut water and kaffir lime juice.
We had over 100 beers to choose from and the food and service was excellent.
For 2 patrons paying over $100 for dinner, you'd think that the waiter would check to see if everything was okay with the dining experience, and he certainly did not.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
Appetizers, entrees and desserts suffered from a lack of variety in taste--all were nicely presented but none rose much above the level of something the average person could either cook for onesself or get at a well-run diner.
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.
The slices are pricey for the neighborhood (and always has been), but the fact that it is always packed attests to the value.
Came here for a b-day and ended up waiting so long even for a reservation.
I saw a waitress yell at 2 customers for moving a table out a little bit in order to have more seating space.
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.
The server (blond guy with blue eyes, we don't even know his name because he came to the table only twice) is rude and incapable and he didn't want to help for anything at all.
After the appetizers, which were the only saving grace (BBQ chips, spinach, fried bread), the servers descending and without asking started taking our plates away.
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.
For dessert, try this pudding, translated Nipple of Venus.
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.
We recently went for dinner with two kids and the staff were very accomodating even without reservations.
Our dinner party of four all found the food better than average and of sizeable portions.
I ordered a medium Cub burger and it came out well done, not that my server would have noticed since we didn't see her again until she brought the check.
The waiter knew his menu and what to recommend.
We didn't see him the rest of the night, the other courses come out sporadically, and no one ever asked if we wanted more wine (which we did) or refilled our water -- even after we flagged down another waiter, nothing happened.
We wouldn't bother quibbling over the price of a few drinks anyway but I wonder why they would offer if they weren't intending to back it up.
The waitstaff is charming and knowledgeable about the menu.
the atmosphere is that of a diner, but if you get a booth that is the best!
We had 2 servers helping our party of 12, screwed up 3 orders had to re-do (frightful you never know what chef's mood is when they make mistakes).
Although we didn't have a reservation, my husband and I enjoyed the food and drinks at the kitchen side seating.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
It's the nicest place to nurse a cup of coffee (and the coffee is good), especially out in the little back garden.
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.
For an appetizer, I had soba in pho-like broth with dumplings, and I already liked the restaurant.
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.
* Rude waiter - he kept pushing us to get appetizer (after been told twice that we would like to start ordering entree) and after dinner, told us to check out the shelf ourselves on our way to the restroom for dessert menu.
Our reservation was for 9, didn't get seated until 9:20 with no acknowledgment by the staff of the delay.
Everyting I ate there was incredible from the Tseukune (chicken dumplings) to the black bass special, right down to the velety chocolate pudding I had for dessert.
I would get the raisin bagels and occasionally a plain with lox and cream cheese, but now I go straight for the lox since I don't get there often.
At dinner on a Saturday night, I was enthused by the bustling, unpretentious crowd and the lusciously warm lighting.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.
One time the waitress left in the middle of our dinner.
When I told the staff that I was displeased and wanted to write a letter to the owner, I was told the owner had no name and that I should just give the letter with no formal greeting (Dear Pick a Bagel Owner) to the cashier and that she would pass it along.
beside i have to wait long time with my food, waiter service ok but unfriendly.
only drawback is that space is a bit tight at some tables, but all in all a great place to eat that we will be back to many more times!
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.
Once we'd finished eating, it was another 15 minutes before we saw someone who would bring us the check - and after running my credit card, the waitress had the audacity to write cash only in the tip portion of the receipt!
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.
We ask the waiter where's the chocolate?
I'd like to think that my brunch was an isolated incident, but just in case it is not, DON'T GET THE STEAK AND EGGS.
Again in a group 6 months ago, the service was even worse this time, practically begging for water and other drinks while we waited an age just to get our orders taken.
The waitress took forever to take our order, we waited almost an hour for our appetizers, and then she asked us whether she even put the order in -- as if we would even know.
My french toast was two slices of bread cut in half- the perfect breakfast for a 4 year old.
the food at this humble bastion of venezuelan home cooking is delicious-AND-authentic (how does this place rate only a 19 in zagat's?
i went there for dinner on friday night, the waiter had a terrible attitude.
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.
The all-you-can-eat buffet (available for lunch or dinner from Tuesday through Sunday) features many of the takeout choices plus dishes like stewed beef, supremely tender barbecue ribs and a perfect potato salad.
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.
We also had the egg platter, vanilla-coconut pancakes, and the Good signature breakfast (little bit of everything).
In addition to the two rounds of drinks, the bartender and owner were a hoot.
i always scour citysearch for recommended dishes so here are mine: start with pork and pear appetizer (of asian pear and pork), have eel and cream cheese on top of multigrain rice (but do share it's big portion) and you must try beef with gingseng in stone pot.
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.
We weren't even offered a dinner menu and the waitress didn't even notice that we wanted drinks until after I ordered them from the bar myself.
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.
My water was filled like eight times, good, fast service.
Meanwhile, our server was dancing and posing by the bar.
Waited for a table, got disgusting martinis at the bar, and sat down.
During dinner, we sat drinkless once again, as the server and owner never checked on us.
We sat at one of the 2 large tables with benches inside the door instead of at the bar - the only options available at 7:15 when we arrived.
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.
As I was paying the bill, the waiter would look over my shoulder to see how much tip I would be giving as where I could almost feel him breathing on my ear.
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.
The tea wasn't much good, the menu and the food was pretty much the same as the $5 curry row fare and the waiter need constant prodding.
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.
The waitress came back to our table several times to ensure we were well catered for.
The decor there is nothing special, though somehow the service manages to deal with the large crowds in an efficient, friendly manner.
The mussels, garlic shrimp and jamon serrano are killer, while the creamy queixo cabrales--a regional Spanish blue cheese--makes a fine topper for the dense homemade bread.
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.
The kitchen would do well to offer more desserts--the one option of Eight Treasure Sticky Rice connotes a Chinese fruit cake--but the drinks downstairs encourage one to linger.
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.
seated promptly; while waitstaff seemed confused as to what they should be doing (one actually looked at my partner's mojito and asked if she had 'put her dinner in the glass'), our waiter appeared experienced.
Noodle soup quantities are huge - so don't go for the rest of the menu - the rest are at par with the rest of Chinatown.
Once we got our appetizers, it was ANOTHER 40 minutes before we got our entrees, which weren't hot and which were soggy and tasteless.
The grilled calimari is *scrumptious*, and the must have is a cheese plate ordered with assorted meats, and for dessert, make sure someone has the roasted fruits and someone else has the expresso with ice cream.
The strong suit of this place is the decor, alas we was seated and served by some guy who looked like he was out of a seedy 70's porn movie and everything went downhill after.
We had an hour wait past our reservation time, so dealing with the bar scene was not helping things.
When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and asked what we expected from a glass wine.
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.
The owner roasts his own meats and makes fabulous and interesting sandwiches--the house-roasted ham with celery-root salad and tomatoes on a baguette deserves a prize.
The waitress made a mental note about it and brought out a special dessert without being asked.
some sweaty so frazzled, when we returned both an app and entree, the manager didn't even come to speak to us.
Green bean salad was tasty but could have used a bit more of a kick  Baby backs - Wow!
We arrived at Crema at 7:50 and the hostess advised she had no record of my reservation.
I can't resist the soul chicken whether I am at VP2 or Red Bamboo, but I've been a good girl and at least tried some other menu items and everything, and I mean EVERYTHING I tried has proved amazing.
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.
Informal servers sashay past plastic chairs and patterned booths, ducking enormous lampshades with cheerful insouciance.
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.
The food is always great, and if you're there for brunch, be sure to try their bloody mary!
When I walked back to the counter, the two staff people immediately retreated to the back room, glanced back at me attempting to get their attention and immediately returned to wasting time.
For appetizer, I like Potli Samosa, but sometimes it is improperly cooked, which ruins the taste.
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.
The waiter and busboy apologized for the host who claims to have done this many times in his 13 years in the biz.
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!
It's so good, we send gophers from Wall St to pick up pies for lunch.
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.
They draw you in with a fancy looking decore which obviously cost a mint, ply you with overpriced wines (one bottle I knew was a 6$and they had the nerve to charge 40) This place sufferes from the same problem Areos does, it rests on its reputation.
Waited 8 minutes for them to set up the table, another 10 to take our orders and 1 hr plus later for the waitress to say the food is coming in 2 minutes.
The chef who is a bundle of personality came to tell us all about the special menu for the wine room.
While there are now a few appetizers, the traditional thali (sampling platter) is often your best bet; fixed nightly menu changes daily.
I ordered the eggs benedict, my wife a burger (one o the best i had in a long time) and the kids ordered french toast and belgium waffles.
Top it off with one of many Polish bottled beer and youre in food heaven.
I went with my sister and neither of us had wine so the final bill was a bit shocking.
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.
We were seated promptly, and after an inordinate wait, somebody took our drink order and disappeared for half an hour.
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.
Be prepared to hear bad 70s rock and 80s pop thumping downstairs while you eat, but the food is shockingly good.
GREAT APPETIZER BEFORE THE BURGER!
The waiter rushed us through the last half of our dinner because they were turning the room into a dance floor.
18 has a cozy romantic atmosphere that's very comfortable to enjoy myself in; whether I want to have a drink at the bar or get together with a group of friends for dinner, suitable accomodations are available.
We arrived on Tuesday (party of 2) at 6:55 sharp and the place was empty, with just a few people sitting at the bar.
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.
My favorite foods include the vegetable spring rolls, Goong Gar Bog (shrimp appetizer) and Pad Kimow Gai or Goong.
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.
After taking our orders, another person came to the table to announce the special dishes which the waiter forgot prompting 2 in our party to cancel the original orders in favor of the specials.
We were a party of four, and after a long wait, were seated in a freezing corner.
They brought us one teacup sized bowl of chips for the 4 of us, which disappeared within minutes, and didn't replenish our chips until an hour later--after we finally got our food and after we asked them for some more chips 2 TIMES!
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.
They're just as fanatical about tlacoyos--homemade half-moon corncakes stuffed with smoky pulled chicken tinga--and hot-pressed sandwiches, like the Aztec Hoggie with shredded guajillo-spiced pork.
I've been there for lunch many times and the service is always cheerful and efficient.
We asked for a side of dressing but the waiter told us that all the salads just had oil and vinegar so we should just use the oil and vinegar that was on the table.
If you like deep dish, you may be disappointed, as Grimaldi's only does thin crust, but if you want the best New York pizza, come here.
To elaborate; the menu is written in French but the dishes themselves are something that your - enthusiastic yet talentless boyfriend - might muster up for you, leaving you looking concerned for his love for you.
) I'm sticking with Cafe Mozart--which has the same desserts, bigger slices, and lower prices!
I was shocked to have gotten no apology from the management, and to top it off were charged for the drinks we had while patiently waiting for food that never arrived.
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.
Try the Bangkok fruit punch, or floating market drinks.
We had the 6 course tasting menu - the salad and first course pasta was good; the gnocchi was watery with a tasteless sauce; then came out the entree, a burnt cod.
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.
The wine cellar was perfect for our group of 10 for dinner last week.
We asked for the manager who told us that it was their first time serving brunch, to be patient and that our bill would be discounted.
Nevertheless, after waiting for an eternity to be seated, we finally sit down and wait for our menus, wait for our food, and to our surprise the food was minimal relative to the price.
My dinner started with a fish soup marseille, which was devine.
(Note: Price variations were listed nowhere--and I had asked for a to-go drink, deciding--after paying--to sit at a no-service counter until my drink cooled off.
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.
I came in for lunch with some co-workers, and we had an amazing meal for a bargain because they've extended the $20.
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.
If you go, you have to order the beef ribs for appetizer, coconut char for entree and green donuts for dessert.
The entertainment is awesome - and believe it or not, I was so impressed with one of their musicians/singers (named Alessandro) that I even had him play during my cocktail hour.
Waiter spilled a decent amount of water on my friend's plate -and then walked away - didn't remove the plate!
Food was good but we were forgotten after we finished our entrees.
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.
The waitress was not very responsive to requests and was slow to return with drinks.
On another occasion, this same gentleman brought bottled water for our entire party [4] on the house again, when we missed our cab and asked to wait inside.
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.
I had a side dish of pasta and that was definitely the tastiest of the entrees we ordered.
Despite a lovely atmosphere, this was perhaps the worst dining experience I've had in New York.
Although the restaurant was far from crowded (maybe three tables), service was abysmally slow, to the point that we wondered if the server was trying to avoid us.
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.
Again, since I go out to dinner several times a week in NY, I am used to paying high prices and do not mind at all.
I went back (with my cold soups) They said they would have to make me another dish since they couldn't scrape off the unwanted ingredients.
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.
Like the other reviewer said, have a Mojito and enjoy the sugarcane.
Only reason to go is Eben, the most solicitious bartender in NYC (now) with drink knowledge and ability to spare.
Don't ask for a menu- take the trip with your waiter who eloquently (and vividly) describes dishes until he sees your eyes light up.
A terrific place to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner.
The Food The secret to Nick's pizza is the sublime crust, which arrives caked in soot.
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.
really bad service took half an hour just to get a drink.
I went there for lunch and brunch and both times had a very good meal.
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.
I sat at the bar to receive faster service, and boy was i wrong!
the variety of fish wasnt bad and all the usual suspects (salmon, tuna, yellowtail, squid, octopus, etc) were present.
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.
Reasonable prices for Cuban food in the city.
Having heard that the steakhouse had a tendency to overcook the steaks, I asked the waitress that she ask the chef to prepare it closer to rare than medium.
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.
I drop by to Cascina most often for lunch with co-workers for great pizza.
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.
We were so irritated about how horrible the food was, we didn't stick around to hangout at the bar.
It would have been nice to find that out on the website but it took us an hour of waiting for Godot before calling and being told the news that no lunch was prepared for us.
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.
Our meal was interrupted several times by the arguments between our waiter and the maitre 'd.
Our waiter forgot about us for long periods of time and never even offered us a dessert menu.
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.
I particularly like the side dishes -- the eggplant dip, for example -- and the appetizers.
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.
Since we had to wait, we decided to get a drink but the bartender ignored us even when we made it known that we would like to order a drinks.
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier.
Get there before 7:30 for dinner or get ready for a really long wait - this place doesn't take reservations.
The waitress was kind and helpfull with the menu.
For instance, the Spicy Potatoes were merly home fries with Red Hot sauce on them.
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.
-the bread served was cold  -the choices for restaurant week was very slim (no meat dish except pork) -there were no chef's treats or delights -the food was ok but not up to the quality expected There are more exciting, romantic restaurants in the city to visit.
The manager, typical machissimo italian businessman, sat outside with his chef scowling and smoking -- an uncomfortable dining experience.
Great hamburgers, but the Corner Bistro has the worst service of any food establishment I've ever been to.
Diver scallops were divine along with chilled beets or high volocety pasta.
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.
The food is ok, typical for the chain, a good place to stop for a lunch.
The hostess SLOWLY walked by our table scribbing something on paper.
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.
I have never been treated more rudely than I was by the hostess and the manager of Public for brunch last Sunday; the hostess was arrogant, despicable, and mean to our party (reminder: she is a hostess in the service industry).
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.
Upon entering we were promptly seated and ordered a few minutes after ordering the waiter came out and said they are completely out of crab, crab legs, crab claws everything.
Food was blend and overcooked and the waitress kept on coming over every 10 minutes to ask whether if things were ok, do we want to refill drinks (when my drink was half full!!
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.
Server was nonexistent; when we flagged her down, she told us that the food was 'being plated' when clearly they were just starting to prepare it.
For $13 you receive 2 entrees, soup, rice, salad, maki roll, and small dessert.
When a seemly accommodating Le Souk manager assured you that he had no problem serving a group of twenty on a Saturday evening, I expected him to keep his words or shall I say our table.
We both orderd drinks that we never recived, but were charged for, and when we said something to the waiter he rolled his eyes and asked if we wanted them anyway (after we were done eating and more than ready to go.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
The service was good, but not excellent; however, the waiter was initially huffy with me when my guest was only 5 minutes late, threatening to make me move!
Mixed drinks were bad, had to switch to beer.
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!
no dish on brunch menu over $11 - definitely worth the price.
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.
and salads( try mixed green with mozzarella or chicken).
Because our daughters weren't sure what to order, and were a little intimidated at the surroundings (notwithstanding the beautiful simplicity of the decor), they ordered only appetizers while their fathers ordered dinner.
The food was OK, but I could have had pasta with tomatoes anywhere.
My last day visiting NYC, I went last night to great Thai food ( Tiny Thai ) and today I had lunch at the unique sushi samba restaurant.
It's very reasonably priced considering the size of portions.
Waitstaff is preoccupied dancing on the bar and googling at beautiful people, but who can blame them.
the quantity of food was a good size with tons of shrimp in our noodle dish.
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.
Good food, even if it's inauthentic Thai.
He met me for wine tasting/sampling of food the week before and made sure that the service was on their toes.
What I don't get is asking a high rolling, forgiving of bad service, drink guzzling table like mine to leave as soon as we finished out last sip of $12 martinis and left a 25% tip.
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.
My only complaint might be the beer selection - they didn't really have any dark beers, which I like to have with a steak.
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.
The lemon goat cheesecake was extremely dry and practically begged for a nice sauce or some fresh fruit.
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.
Not very crowded, the wait staff seemed to be in full force except when you needed their attention for something like water or tea.
The waiter was miffed when we decided to order dessert (and I must say we were eating the courses as they arrived, no lingering).
At the end of the meal the waitress asked if we wanted another drink, the after agreeing to have one she stated, actually there's a list of people waiting, can you go next door to the bar.
I even had a waiter who was carrying a tray of beers actually TELL me to get out of the way as I was making my way towards the door.
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.
The food was unremarkable: generally good, but lacking the spice and flair of more memorable cuban/latin cuisine.
Nothing beats being served platters of shrimp and wings and pitchers of beer, by the HOTTEST waitstaff in NY!!!!
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.
After we in fact moved to the bar, and I told the waitress which bottle we wanted - the one we had been drinking - we were told we had to order off the limited daily specials list.
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.
The wait was much shorter than the hostess quoted, which was great.
One waitress was downright rude when we asked for the check.
The food was good I had the ground beef over rice.
Come in the evening, sip a glass of wine, or two, and enjoy the great live jazz along with your dinner.
not only did we not get our 'bombay' fries until after the entire meal, but we then had to wait nearly an hour for our inattentive waiter to bring our check, and only after we flagged him down.
My husband and I sat at the bar, and service was excellent.
The hostess failed to inform us of that the restuarnt was hosting a private company party when we made the reservation.
For dessert the pecan pie, comes warm with whip cream.
One friend had the steak which he didn't care for, but after waiting so long to be seated he was hungry.
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.
I drank beer, but I tried her apple martini, It was great not sour at all.
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.
After scrunching into the tiny bar area and ordering a drink, I was annoyed but couldn't help but notice the handsome bartender having a tete-a-tete with another French-speaking cutie.
Overall, the quality of the food won us over, but if there's one thing the management needs to work on, it's service.
I would definitely recommend getting reservations as the wait can be very long.
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.
I've never been during the dinner rush, whence I think most of the service complaints originate.
In addition, the manager refused to come over to apologize - but told the waitress to offer us TWO desserts on the house- when there were FOUR people dining.
It took the waiter over 30 minutes to get our food because the order was misplaced.
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.
The food is fantastic, Gourmet comfort food and has gotten progressively better over the past year, as did the service.
The chorizo was a memory and sounded better on the menu.
At one point, I spilled my water glass--when I informed the waiter of this he said he would clean it up--he never got around to it.
The service is great - they are very attentive and fast, however, they do make faces and comments when you order alot of the ALL YOU CAN EAT food.
the waitress was slow and forgot our drinks about 3 times.
the duck is not freshly roasted, it has been sitting under the IR lamp for hours, skin is not crispy.
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.
5 minutes later the same waitress came back to have us move to the next table so she could seat a party of 4.
The wasabi mashed potatoes were delicious while the chicken was dry.
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.
The ambiance is nice, but the wait staff was rude and unattentive.
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.
Serving things like Chicken Kiev with a garlic mashed potato egg roll for $$ with the snooty attitude to match!
I tried the Crab Croquettes (delicious, and yes, the sauce IS hot) and the Salade Jumelle (a good, basic mesculen salad).
service is quick, not overly friendly, but hey it's a small place and the servers are constantly busy.
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).
Costs could be better - expect to be upsold by the hovering wait staff - and come for the authentic tastes, not the interior decor (looked a littel like Cheers!
The price was right too--I spent under $30 for my entree and two drinks.
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.
great decor, unfortunately the worst service possible.
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.
I chose Guastavinos for my wedding reception dinner (for 19 of us) and planned it through their private dining staff.
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.
We organized a party at this bar and have gotten very poor service.
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!
90 for a porterhouse steak for 2 (ordered medium-rare, delivered well-done, dry and tasteless) and I'm not even full.
Fusion-inspired tapas, such as wasabi-honey poached garlic shrimp, show off the talents of the San Sebastian-trained chefs.
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.
The spinach was the best thing on the menu, the shrooms were soaked in reduction, and the goose fat potatoes were very decent.
Basically, all the food on the menu is a half-ass'd attempt at vietnamese food, followed by a innappropriate heap of MSG to make up for the lack of any flavor.
Had a terrible time making a reservation and when we arrived they still had the table count wrong, and that was after 5 phone calls!
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.
Lunch (a chicken sandwich on baguette with fries) was decent, brunch (dry, hard pancakes) was pretty bad.
We got there before our reservation and the seated us quickly.
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.
Our waiter was ever so helpful as he stood back and watched my sister and I physically move our table.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.
It was practically impossible to get the waitstaff's attention to order another bottle of wine.
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).
I'm a serious sucker for the buns listed in the appetizer section: big, fluffy, feels like true sustenance.
Although I usually go out mid-week for lunch, I now make it a habit to stop out Thursday or Friday evening to enjoy the live Jazz band.
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.
We went inside to the lounge and found that there were several empty tables (which never ended up being occupied).
The quality of the food used to be worth the long waits but not anymore.
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.
The caesar salad was a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce, a dressing that wasn't ceasar, 1 crouton and a few slices of thin chicken -- for $12.
I asked the waiter about the vintages of the wines, to which he replied, I don't know, probably 2003/2004.
In Short Despite the tacky Hellenic decor, replete with faux columns and signs of the zodiac carved into plaster walls, this Greek restaurant and bar bursts with authenticity when it comes to menu and atmosphere.
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.
We were a bit chatty so it took us a while to decide what to order, but when we made it abundantly clear we were ready (closed the menu, looked around for our waiter) he was slammed from the recent filling of the space.
The parade of carbs--do we need tepid yuca firees and regular fires and mashed potatoes is superfluous; better to put some of these on the salad bar.
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.
I had the Brazailian steak and the spinach and cheese crepe for dinner - the steak was tender accompanied with mashed potatoes and salad, but salty!
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
Server Sean Toussaint suggested specials and specialties worth the $$$ price.
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.
After lunch, we sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender who was also very nice.
FINALLY the waitress came with our food after an HOUR!
the staff were pleasant and easy-going and took time to explain the specials to us as well as answer any questions we might have had.
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.
Attention to detail in the ingredients, always cut to the right size so as to blend the flavor with the tastes of spices pefectly in your mouth.
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?
The hostess kept me waiting 10 minutes (attempting to read seating chart which I assume was in cyrillic) before determining whether she could seat us.
Our waiter, even though he was serving dinner, was SO out to lunch.
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.
the server absolutely did not know what in the world he was talking about when we aske questios about the menu, and he barely spoke English.
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.
(dissapointed) Over price for a lunch menu, including the lunch specials(be smart.
I only saw one waitress for the entire place, and small as it is, she only came to our table to take our order and take away plates, not once asking us if our food was to our liking.
Starting off with an excellent carafe of Cotes du rhone suggested by the waiter, we soon ordered a few appetizers like the steak tartare, the escargot and the goat cheese tart.
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.
Tables are a little cramped, but dinner or lunch for 2 is fine.
We sat for 20-40min without water or bread and were basically ignored by the waitstaff.
The Server took the order and disappeared for the entire rest of the night until we had to stop him b/c the bus boy knocked over our entire bottle of red wine soaking the white table cloth, the seats and our business suits.
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.
I went here for a dinner with some relatives from out of town that I was eager to catch up with, but the noise level at this place made that really difficult!
The wait time for food can be long, so don't dine here if you're in a hurry.
i think that the second floor is better if you prefer a quieter environment for dinner.
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.
Try the sticky rice in lotus leaves, and finish with the almond jellow for dessert - if you don't like these dishes then you probably don't like real Chinese food!
Our waiter (a real cutie) had to ask us twice for our entree selections, the coffee orders were wrong and after saying, no, thanks, the pepper man poised his mill above my friend's calamari dish and ground away.
Portions enough for 2 meals.
the waitress was surly -- refused to bring sweetner for my tea!!
I ordered the strip steak medium - the waiter or the chef reversed our requests.
The waitresses are so nice and will even help you pick a meal if you are new to spanish food.
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.
The food is well thought out and each bite should contain a little of everything on your dish for the full effect.
the food is neither tasty nor reasonably priced ($137 for four with one glass of wine total?
I waited for 45 minutes for my entree to realize that the waiter never put the order in.
Our hostess was more concerned about the appearance of the banquets than wether we had the right menus.
We sat in the tables in front of the bar and it was a good people watching spot.
On top of that, when we tried to order more food half-way through our first entree order, the waitress told us that we couldn't because they needed the table for another reservation!
However, didnt take too long to get drinks and the hostess seated us promptly.
Their pasta isn't spectacular nor is their marinara sauce, but their appetizers are wonderful.
I was craving for the Chicken Penne for a long time after that, and so I went and ordered it for lunch, but the chicken was not fresh and the bread was tough too.
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!
i went here on a whim and found out you could get sushi for half price kind of like happy hour.
Although there were many open tables, the manager insisted my party wait at the bar for over one hour.
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.
The food is very good for the price.
That, the Peruvian style rotisserie chicken (get a whole one) and a side dish plus don't forget - chicha moradas: a refreshing non-alcoholic drink made from boiled purple corn and lime juice with tiny pear cubes and a bit of sugar.
Our waiter did not come back once to reserve our wine.
We shared three appetizers, (bruschetta's a good bet) a salad, a pasta dish, a quatro (about 3 glasses?)
The line is long, but the staff keeps it moving and usually everyone is friendly.
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.
The waiter knows us now, and the owner bought us a round of drinks once because the dessert took too long (in his opinion, we didn't even complain).
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.
If you happen to catch it when no one else is there, sit down at the table, get a tea and try the coconut cake.
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.
Our waitress forgot to bring me another margarita, but somehow she managed to get it on the bill.
The DJ at the bar kept the place alive.
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.
We were ignored by our waitress after our entrees had been served.
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.
Nothing like using iceberg lettuce, cooked chicken and a tangy salad dressing just to put a fancy name like Vietnamese Lemon Grass Chicken on an overpriced dish.
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.
The environment is a touch loud (although the music's good), but the walls sport nifty vintage items, from license plates to pennants to movie posters.
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.
After a short wait at the bar (which was very crowded), we were seated upstairs at a private table.
Rely on your food, your chef, your decor, your impeccable service, SOMETHING other than creating some fake VIP atmosphere to make people feel as if they need to gain admission in order to feel better about themselves.
Looked good, lacked in seasoning, maybe that's why they leave the Old Bay on the Table, to season everything yourself.
The owner circles the place asking patrons if their meals are fine.
OK so the decor is a little old and tacky but it adds to the atmosphere.
Yoguart/mint/jalipeno sauce for instance didn't work with asparagus.
I go to Hing Won pretty often for lunch because it is close by and the prices are right.
Just make sure everyone is in your party is there together or you'll be waiting on the sidewalk or in the cramped bar next door.
The waiter, of course had no knowledge of the yet to be produced wine list and no wine steward or manager bothered to come by the table to check in.
For dessert I had the green tea tiramisu and ice cream- I loved both, my bf who doesn't really like green tea actually really liked the tiramisu.
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.
For those who don't like that you have to make a reservation, to the restaurant's credit, this allows the restaurant to remain uncrowded and seat you immediately (at least this happened to my party).
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).
The crust was good, the flavor was good (I think they grate some sort of hard cheese over the pie), but the pizza was a bit watery, with the cheese sliding off rather than clinging to the slice.
I had to wait quite a while to get my food and the waitress almost knocked me in the head with her tray.
AND you can still smoke at the outermost area of the patio - the wait staff can't technically serve you there because of the smoking, but if you don't mind walking to the bar to place an order (I don't), it's a great solution for smokers.
The last time I was there (last week) our food took a little too long and a manager promptly apologized and offered to comp our desserts (not expected but appreciated).
Once seated, there was no waitress to give us our menus.
Though it can be expensive, since you buy the fish and sides seperate and soem might get tired of shelling the shrimp themselves.
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.
I did like the shrimp dish, but I don't know if I'd seek out their cuisine again.
Extremely RUDE servers who intially took our order and never returned with drinks or to see if we required anythign else.
The dining rooms are opulent and beautiful; Great waiter who brought out a special birthday desert for my date after asking if our dinner was a special occasion.
I tried several dishes, while at dinner with friends, and was amazed to discover that even their Caesar Salad was completely lacking in flavor.
4-Got attitude from the waitress at every moment she was at the table.
There was a short wait for a table, which we spent at the bar, then we were seated on their patio.
) Not only do they do the shabu write with good ingredients, the sauces are both great, i recommend sesame for the meats and the other one for vegetables.
From the sushi to the terayki the food is excellent and the service (with a smile) is unmatched.
The Food Chef Tom Kearney (Blue Hill, Jean-Georges) presides over the contemporary, pared-down menu.
i've been there for lunch - when the place is empty- and the waiter spent more time outside, soaking up the sun for himself, like he was a patron.
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.
If the food is out of your price range then at least go for happy hour for a drink - although the drinks cost a bit more then the average happy hour bar after you receive one you would agree that it is worth it.
These are all new items on the menu the waiter told us, and they were delicious!
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.
My date enjoyed his food, he had some type of jambalaya dish.
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.
On my last visit we arrived around 9 on a Saturday, and although it wasn't crowded, the waitress acted like we were inconveniencing her, forgot bread, drinks, etc.
I wouldn't say Bubby's will blow you out of the water, but they provide a solid bunch served with good coffee.
Waiters poured wine like water, my guests were wondering out loud if they would get straws for the wine next.
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.
The food is simply remarkable as is the fiery female master sommelier!
After an hour of waiting at an overcrowded bar with our coats in our hands and no room to move, I approached the host (who never bothered to give us an update throughout our wait) to ask him how much longer, He was incredibly rude and dismissed me with his hand and walked away from me while I was trying to talk to him!
If it's atmosphere you want go to the River Cafe under the bridges and pay an arm and a leg for hospital-type food.
The mussles appetizer was delicious along with my peppercorn steak.
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.
In the middle of dessert, the waitress silently passes by and drops the check.
As the night rolls on the place turns into a bar/lounge so the wait staff is constantly rushing you to eat up and move out, not the kind of atmosphere you want for the price you are paying for your entree.
The service was professional if somewhat slow, though we didn't mind since it is such a welcoming place to have dinner.
I went here with my family for dinner expecting the usual great pizza.
It seemed to take the new staff forever to figure out what they were doing; I had one nightmare of a brunch where the registers didn't seem to work and it literally took over an hour to get our check.
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.
My appetizer of endive and bleu cheese salad was a surprisingly large serving which balanced the striped bass entree (served on a bed of vegetables).
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.
The wine was great and they kept bringing us bread, these were the two best things about the meal.
After stopping by on a whim a few months ago, I was so extremely impressed by the fresh Sushi and quality service that I now go there quite often for lunch as well as the occasional take-out dinner.
On top of which, the waiter doesn't write down your order, the busboy brought us the wrong food 3 times, and there's barely any room while you're waiting to sit and have a drink.
The Lunch box deal where you can pick two for $10 including rice and an ice tea is one of the best luches in the area.
I never have to wait a long time to get my food, so it's a great place to go if you're really hungry and/or in a hurry.
noteworthy menu items that we tried - tasting menu 6 courses for $50 with 2 glasses of wine - great value - frog's legs, knuckle sandwich, lobster mac cheese, octopus salad and venison chop - just fantastic.
Service was horrendous the night we went for dinner.
Odd considering my brunch turned out to be a nuked hors d'oevre quiche tart on a plate with some wilted/slightly spoiled salad - what a rip-off!
the grain salad was ok, the calf liver was stringy and the roast onions that came with it too heavy.
The food was average for brunch anywhere in NYC, and priced well above average.
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.
The menu and food make the restaurant a 10 - healthy; affordable; different; huge selection to choose from including Pastas; fishes; chicken and beef.
The music got a bit loud around 9pm, but otherwise, the dim lighting and decor gave it a very sexy feel.
our waitress couldn't explain or describe the specials to us, and a group of five people seemed to overwhelm her.
I took 8 clients to lunch and was appaled by the overall service.
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.
The waiter (someone I know has been working there since it was just LCB) POURED MY WINE FROM THE DIRTY GLASS INTO A CLEAN ONE AND SERVED IT TO ME!
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.
However, they do bring you a lot of food for your buck, and despite the unremarkable food it strikes me as a good place to fill up on the cheap for lunch or after a night of drinking.
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.
I said, that would be fine and had the hostess confirm my reservation before hanging up.
I have been there for lunch many times and have always enjoyed my sushi.
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.
The host's explanation was they could not control when people finish dinner.
I had been to Blue Fin previously for drinks and appetizers and thought the atmosphere was very good (expecially for people watching).
The lobster bisque had a pasty bitter taste and the softshell crab was deep fried, served on a bunch of greens it had 0 flavor.
The free champaign and desserts do not really help me to even consider going back.
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.
I highly recommend the chicken hearts, but remember: ask the waiters, since they're not usually available and will be cooked upon request (and will go fast).
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.
While the recently added outdoor seating was what drew me and my friend to the restaurant, the food, service and overall experience were what drove us out!
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.
Was greeted and seated with no attitude from the host and hostess, despite no reservation.
Food - The cheese plate contained flavored spreads instead of decent chesses.
After arguing about this and requesting tap water instead of a bottled variety, we were exiled to customer Siberia, and the staff seemed eager get us out of the restaurant as soon as possible.
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.
The ices and the spumoni were perfect desserts to the pizza.
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.
The foi gras empanadas were OK--I would try another dumpling.
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.
Fried appetizers, tuna steak and other dishes are also available, as well as an assortment of sakes, graphed on the menu according to flavor components.
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).
Our waitress was rather un-friendly, seemed annoyed that we didn't want appetizers and we waited 15 minutes before our wine arrived.
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.
Our waiter showed up two minutes later to take our order and showed up with our drinks 25 minutes later and they were not crowed.
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.
While the bar is expansive, the ceilings are high, the tables are spacious and the plates are oversized, where is the food?
The space and furnishings are too spartan and the service amateur and scattershot (no smiles offered here - busboy serves mains with who gets the.
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)
They offer a small but good selection of beer and wine from India, and their cuisine can please the most spice-averting palates of those American friends of yours who claim to not like Indian food.
It's made with cauliflower, wild mushrooms, and no rice at all.
By this I mean that the guy selling hotdogs outside of Grand Central has given me better service.
Don't miss the crema catalana the waiter recommended us for dessert.
Yes it's pricey for counter service, sawdust floors and deafening chatter but the pastrami makes it all worth it.
I have never had a bad meal or service (on a couple of occasions I waited past my reservation time).
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.
Our waiter didn't even bothered to ask for dessert.
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).
By the time you get to the table, it'll have been WELL worth the wait.
A lot of energy and I loved the actors who came to our table.
For desset, I had Cecilia's Chocolate Marquise served with vanilla sauce and crushed pistachios.
After ordering a good amount of sushi the waiter asked me if that was all I wanted.
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.
I ordered the $39 filet and ordered it medium and it came to the table well done and tasted like a goodyear tire.
They have a great selection of wines, and have recently expanded with a Wine Bar around the corner that's accessible through the main dining room.
The only saving grace is the sweet tea - but even that isn't worth the wait.
The happy hour crowd at the bar was mostly just out of worker blowing off steam.
The food is ok at best, but the service and the uncomfortable accomidations have such a negetive effect, that one can only wonder why they waited so long for so little.
For entrees, my favorites were the coriander and honey pork ribs or the seared scallops, both of which were to die for.
5 hour meal (we ordered the tasting menu).
The food was good overall, but unremarkable given the price.
then, the waiter had nerve to charge me for the fruit salad and bloody mary (which we didn't drink) that came with the omelet (brunch special).
The lobster is good but over-priced; go for lunch and it's only $35 and served prixe-fix with all the trimmings.
i do agree with the comment about their waitstaff, they tend to make you feel like you have to rush through your meal.
I only had lunch here, but i had great shrimp and a spectacular lobster, and the dessert was heavenly.
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.
The food is a melding of Moroccan comfort food and Spanish tapas fare: tagines, stews and salads, with surprises like baby eggplants and olives where you might not expect them.
tuesday at 545pm pre-show dinner - great food - amazing service - was strange to find both at one place!
The service is good, but the staff is not too friendly.
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.
We approached the host and manager politely after the meal but only received a simple and insincere Sorry.
My best friend and I went to dinner on Friday, November 8, 2002 and we both enjoyed our meals.
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.
The host came by and told us that they made a mistake and would have to seat us at a two-person table.
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.
We had to ask for water multiple times, there were no paper towels in the bathroom and even after informing a staff person they still were none an hour later.
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.
What a pleasant surprise to have found a restaurant where you can sit at the bar and feel like a glamourpuss, yet whose staff and even other patrons make you feel like you are already a family friend.
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.
When he mentioned that a pinot noir would be a decent match with two disparate plates of a first course (and the even further disparate second course- yes we informed him of our total meal choices PRIOR to our wine selection).
They had a definite buzz at the bar, but the place is so big that we felt like we had our own private room in the back.
Food is average, service is awful, and the attitude isn't New York - it's just plain rude - and most of NYC is caring and courteous.
We arrived at 5:30 and had leave at 7:30 without dessert or coffee because the kitchen took insanely long between courses.
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.
The bar was so crowded there was no point in ordering a drink, and when we were finally seated we got no service at all for 20 minutes.
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.
Our waitress kept forgetting our drinks.
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.
The busboy kept our glasses full; the waiter warmed up to our table at the end of the night by cracking jokes.
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.
I love the creative rolls that they have on their menus, and none of them were a disappointment.
had dinner there last night, max the waiter was great.
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.
The best out of the three entree's we had was the goat cheese ravioli.
I made the mistake of coming here with 5 friends for brunch so the wait was extremely long and then we got stuck at the only table big enough for 6 (downstairs near the bathroom away from all of the other patrons) so that was dissapointing but I will be back soon with 1 or 2 friends.
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.
We walked out the door with only a drink in each of us and the bill was still over $100.
The owners are incredibly nice too, comping pitchers of margaritas if you sit there and eat for a couple of hours.
Wether you want a Regular Slice, their DELICIOUS marinara sicilian, or one of their specialty pizzas like Chicken Parm, Ravioli, or Taco pizza once you eat a Rosas Pizza you will never go anywhere else.
This is of course after waiting forever for menus and eventually having to ask for them.
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
My only complaint is waiting a bit between the appetizer and the main course but it was well worth it.
Additionally, one of the waiters found it necessary to walk around the restaurant, telling people how to eat their food.
The only time the waitress paid any attention to us was when she took our order and at the end of our meal to ask if we wanted dessert (by then we had already packed up our leftovers and were waiting for change from our bill).
They deliver and I've used their food for quick executive type lunches in my office.
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.
Waitress took FOREVER to take our drink order (it was not crowded) and she forgot our chips guac.
Don't miss the creamed spinach, skip the frieeees.
But the place is so great that patrons don't mind waiting outside rather than go to another restaurant which you can find at least 10 in short walking distance.
The rice was warm and didn't have a hint of vinegar.
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.
Sure, the burgers are good, but not good enough to make up for the abominable service and disgusting, filthy atmosphere.
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.
Our waiter was stuffed with attitude and didn't bother explaining things on the menu that he clearly knew we could not understand.
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.
This has to be the HUGEST steak I've ever seen and the value here is OUTRAGEOUS.
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.
About a half hour wait with reservations.
We stumbled onto this diamond in the rough after our dinner plans at Schiller's were thwarted by a 90 minute wait.
Great pizza and heros, without the variety and selection of that star wars-style canteena hipster crowd pizzeria on Bedford (Anna Maria's) but with 5X the flavor.
45 minutes later our less-than-stellar pizza and their even less-than-stellar gnoccho was dropped at the table; no explanation or apology or attempt to acknowledge the ridiculous wait.
The Scene Service bustles through the energetic, sprawling space with the precision of expert merengue dancers, and everyone else goes along with the flow suggested by the tall, curving ceilings.
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.
The shrimps looked old and had a sheen to them that you see at an all you can eat buffet at Sizzler.
Chino's has become my new regular Lunch spot after trying their awesome pork sandwhich and calamari salad.
Don't let the all-Italian menu intimidate; the waitstaff patiently translates each item.
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.
Panini or pizzettes loaded with fresh Italian ingredients such as prosciutto, mozzarella and artichokes make it worth staying for dinner.
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.
The portions are miniscule -- a pasta entree was the size of a small appetizer, we were all hungry at the end of the meal but they certainly supersize the prices.
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.
The Scene This vintage Cuban diner, with white acrylic tables, soft Spanish music humming pleasantly in the background and regulars casually hugging the counter, serves some of the cheapest, tastiest fare in the area.
In Short The weathered bar, well-worn tables, and chipped black paint on the walls give this corner tavern a lived-in feel.
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.
The Food In a less-than-booming economy, it's a joy to find an East Village bistro with entrees that rarely top 15 bucks.
our waitress finally made time to take our order - bread was never brought, water never refilled and wine never got to be ordered - had to ask for everything ourselves.
Though the crowd is a bit more mature than a typical New York hot spot, if you are looking to impress a classy woman, look know further.
the service is so-so; our waiter told us there was a table for us, then took us back to the entrance , we then waited another fifteen minutes- confusion seems to reign.
The desserts were both essentially the same, and the service was on the slow side.
Lastly the waiters and bartender should learn to have argurments in private and not in front of customers.
Sometimes service was a bit slow, and we had to ask for salads, water, etc a couple of times, but this was all done with good humor and no resentment.
The waiter, who was missing when we wanted to place our order, hovered over us throughout the meal, as if in a hurry to get us out of there.
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.
Also, the waiter wrongly described a wine I had inquired about causing the sommelier to have to make a trip to the table to offer an alternate recommendation.
We've been staying in a hotel and Burger Heaven has delievered quite a few meals for us which is 100% better than the hotel food.
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).
We had a sit down dinner and cannot tell you how satisfied I was with the quality of service and food.
Intimate dinner upstairs, dessert on the sidewalk as you take in all the nuisance of New York City living are experiences that give a feeling you are doing much more than just dining out.
The bar downstairs is a lot of fun, so if you get stuck waiting, just have drink.
My snack was fava bean hummus chips which was the perfect amount to hold me til dinner.
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.
The ONLY negative was when we asked the waiter to secretly bring birthday cake and some other desserts for the table.
Charging full price for half pie toppings, and refusing delivery (1 block) for orders under $20.
Our waiter was well versed with the menu and provided us with great service, he didn't hover over the table as some servers tend to do in high end restaurants.
I also do not think waiters there are rude- yes there are not friendly and chatty, but do provide great service.
if you do though just wait at the bar (yummy drinks!
I was really excited when our waiter read off the list of specials.
At least you have the ambiance and lovely live piano musice being played for you while you wait.
we completed our cocktails long before the waiter brought our starters (which did not come until 30 minutes after we had been seated).
We did not have reservations so we sat at the small bar with the friendly bartender for 10 minutes.
After waiting 40 minutes for a table and 30+ for our entrees, our waiter was distracted.
My only complaints are the less spectacular sides and menu items other than steak.
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying.
Be warned though, this plaice gets packed at lunch - and the service can be rottenly slow-going.
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.
The actors try to draw your attention away from the better stuff that is happening below.
for ANYONE to come and take our dessert order (we had previously seen our waitress going outside for a cigarette break and never coming back).
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.
The rest of the meal was good, but a little over priced for Chinese take out style food.
Went to Spice Restaurant for dinner and loved my meal.
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.
The waitstaff chatted at the bar amongst themselves and completely ignored us for the entire meal-- which took some work, as the place is small enough with the garden closed!
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.
He hooted and hollered -- and told every staff person at the bar, not to serve us.
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.
The decor has not quite made the transition--some really nice artifacts are still there, but there are several layers of different remodeling efforts visible.
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.
When we got up to leave and the waiter tried to charge us 18% for the two mediocre apetizers and one drink they did serve us.
They later told us that our waiter had to fix the 'computer' - that was the reason he couldn't bring us our drinks.
Thin crust, lots of sauce and very little cheese, it's not your typical Sicilian slice of pizza, but can't explain why I have a hard time eating less than 4 of those babies!
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.
After the wine experience, I actually expected worse than what was served.
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.
The manager came over to our table at the end of our entree course to get our review.
I let the waiter know and he offered me a free dessert.
The Food Despite the restaurant's name, the menu is remarkably Atkins-friendly, from the nibble bowls of spicy fried chickpeas to the grilled slabs of salt-flecked, smoky rib-eye, succulent chunks of rosemary roast chicken and fat tubes of springy grilled squid.
If she was a bit more sophisticated, she wouldn't have been impressed with the list, but rather with the clientele and atmosphere.
The raw bar that we were served was abyssmal, and our dinners of salmon (mine overcooked) and chicken (hers, very bland) weren't much better.
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.
The waiter was not attentive he gave me the wrong drink twice and the bill for three people who had appertizers, a drink and an entree was $200.
I didn't realize how good the food was until I went for dinner the other night.
A dining beacon in an otherwise residential 4 or 5 block radius, Sorrel pleases on every course--from the cold spicy tomato soup and beet salad starters to the delectable skate, the scallops, or steak tartare, straight through to the strange but tasty melon soup or flan-esque orange-and-caramel custard (so bad with names).
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.
At best, it's a mediocre restaurant, forget about the fish variety, I asked for Char (A sushi staple), and received a blank look from the waiter, same fish here as any grocery store.
Didn't like having to flag down waiters for drinks, nor having to wait almost 15 minutes for a check after asking two servers.
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.
Just walking past this establishment during dinner hours will make you dream of garlic empowered sauce covering a tender veal cutlet.
The place was bustling at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night- we arrived earlier than our reservation and got situated at the bar.
Later two waiters decided to bodyguard our table; when my fork hits the plate it's snatched away.
Drinks were well priced and the buyback rate was fantastic.
However when I returned to my table the waiter immediately came over and said So I guess we are celebrating a birthday here.
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.
The food was simple but exploded with flavor and the presentation was as if it was out of a cook book.
After arriving for a pre-theatre reservation to find the kitchen closed due to a mechanical failure, the problem was fixed an hour later (after many drinks at the bar, none of which management offered as a concession to the wait) and we were served a very good dinner in time to make the play.
Brunch at Cafe des Artistes was hands down the most terrible dining experience I have had in New York.
Got the check tossed on table 10 minutes after being served and hostess came by to rush us some more.
i always get the apple pie, but the past two times i visited, the waiter burnt the pie while he was supposed to warm it up.
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.
My favorite was the apple dessert, which came with little squares of pear and apple jelly.
The Food An ideal meal here starts with lusty, cheese-encrusted onion soup or a salad of frisee and bacon capped with a soft-poached egg.
calle ocho is definitely high on my list, the food and mojitos are excellent (the sangria is a miss, flor de sol has much better sangria) but the service leaves much to be desired.
Entree choices seem endless--braised beef, pounded chicken, garlic shrimp, poblano chile, hanger steak-- the platter of subtly spiced pulled pork, served with whipped plaintains, is the restaurant's best.
Order ended up being double the price of a normal lunch.
I must admit that when my friend said we were going to Astoria for dinner, I expected a diner sytle restaurant, where the decor, food and service would not suffice.
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.
The service is disorganised, no one gave us a menu for 15 mins once we were seated, but after that it went smoothly enough but no where near the stella performance of many half as pretensious restaurants.
For appetizers try the tuna carpaccio with wasabi creme fraiche, lobster tempura with tarter sauce.
For $19 in a place that specializes in breakfast I did expect perfect eggs benedict.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
When the group arrived for the Noon lunch the restaurant was only partially set up and the group was forced to eat lunch while the staff noisily set up the restaurant around them.
If you think the prices are outrageous, just take the family, enjoy the ride and go in and order a few appetizers as prelude to a real dinner.
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish.
Desserts are showstoppers, namely the caramelized banana tower with toasted marshmallows in a tall hazelnut shell.
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.
Its a sicilian slice made with freshly grilled veggies which lie on top of a sumptous tomato sauce.
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.
I really like the decor and it made it feel like I was having drinks at a mansion.
Best steak i have ever tasted in my life, the side dishes are amazing as well as the bread basket they put out that could be a meal in its self.
The portions are miniscule and the size of an entree could be half-and appetizer if even that large.
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
I've been accustomed by the restaurant group's great service, so I was disappointed by the long wait for my lunch.
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!
The brightly-lit takeout spot with a few non-descript tables and chairs looks like any other, but it tastes ten times more homespun.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
Free edamame (nice perk) and we ordered four rolls between the two of us, and each of us had a drink.
but the wait for seating can be exasperating.
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
I had afternoon tea which featured a pot of tea and several pastries and tea sandwiches, all of which were delicious.
After the bar, they sat us on the side with the wine room with a nice view of everything.
The waitress interrupted us halfway through our meal to say that if we wanted dessert we had to order it then, because the kitchen wanted to close.
Yet the maitre d still sat us next to the bar.
Lobster bisque is a 10+ and Steaks ; fish and cajun shrimp app are standouts!
A few of us went the other night for cocktails (half price!)
I went on a saturday and the atmosphere was no more exciting than eating dinner at home.
The staff treated them like true royalty.
The salad I received was Iceberg lettuce with nothing else in it (no tomatoes, carrots).
The dinner lasted about 3 hours, that waiter continued to refill our water even though we finished the whole meal(including desserts) an hour and half before.
And the owner didnt seem to care, she was more interested in talking at the bar than hearing from me.
Food was good, but not worth the wait.
I went there for Easter Dinner and the pork chops were quite tasty.
The ribs are a second runner up, poo poo platters are never out of style.
If you want peace quiet, ambience and patient service, go elsewhere.
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.
i took another 45 minutes so i called back the waiter and said that if the food was ready now ill just pay for it.
The bar is also a must after dinner: have a raspberry martini!
the food tastes like home cooking.
There is no way the food and service here are worth the prices they charge.
Meal was acceptable, Lamb was tough although rare like I asked, green beans were overcooked, my girlfriend ordered steak frites rare, came medium, steak was tough, lots of nerves,steak au poivre sauce was mediocre.
Super friendly neighboorhood atmosphere where even a lady can go alone and have a drink and feel comfortable.
The last time I went to the restaurant, the waitress made me wait to take my order, then left me without anything to drink throughout the entire meal.
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.
The sandwiches from the take out window are delicious too.
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.
Steer away from the parmesan fries (they use powdered parmesan), their house wine selections, and mixed drinks (there's no alcohol in them!!!)
The duck burrito with mole sauce is out of this world and the prices are definitely affordable $12-16 for most entrees.
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.
Although the cheesecake didn't taste like cheescake and the homefires were horrible, overall my friends love this place and they love the food.
I have been there for dinner as well and one would think that if you pay more for dinner than the buffet you would get better quality food from the tandoor.
The waiter disappeared after dropping off the food so I had no choice but to eat it as is.
In addition, our waiter seemed to have short-term memory loss because he kept forgetting to bring us our drink order even after I asked him on three separate occasions.
If you're a meat eater, try the mixed grill of two types of Chicken, two types of Lamb and grilled shrimp, served on a sizzling platter with onions and peppers.
It was the WORST Sangria ever, and their house drink has just a shot of Malibu rum, and at a price of $9 you want more than a shot of a 40% alcohol.
servers never ONCE asked how we were doing - they brought out food late and if extra additions were requested, they came out 20 min after.
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.
Then the manager said, hey we'll give you shrimp instead, which would have taken another hour.
Drinks are a bit pricey ($10-12) but delicious - no wine is less than $10/glass either.
probably not worth the wait on the weekend when pomodoro is a block away but worth getting for delivery if you are in the area or for dinner during the week.
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.
Come hungry but be careful not to order too large an appetizer because it would be a shame to waste their scallion pancakes because you've gotten too full prematurely.
ambience and decoration was nice but for a check of $330 for 5 for brunch and with just average food.
Here's how it works: you walk in, sit down, and have a vegetarian thali (group of little portions of curries) that invariably includes lentiles, a small salad, some rice, some kind of samosa-like pastry, yogurt, rice, and a couple of sauces.
And I'm saying that dinner has actually taken about an hour more than it should, just because of the slow service.
We actually enjoy eating there earlier for lunch definatly a more relaxed atmosphere.
If you like a cleaner (more generic) flavor then other places may provide the norm.
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.
The waiter took my boyfriend's order, snatched away the menus and stormed away from the table without even looking at me.
this guy should work in a dinner ,didn't even know the menu ,he couldn't explain me anythings ,a real nightmare.
The place is plain as well: forget about Nobu-style ambiance, Bond-like music and bar, Next door Nobu good-looking crowds etc - just plain, got it?
my husband has certain food allergies, and they were 100% accomodating even for the tasting menu which is seven courses for $50 - they even substituted dishes for ones that he couldn't have.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
The lamb was wonderful, although I could do without all the beans.
Go there for dinner this time and find it unusually bad in taste and not pleasent service at all.
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.
Basic facts: sub-par limited menu; poorly made drinks; random crowd; and a waitress (although entertaining) that was doing shots behind the bar.
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.
go there and get really good food, just don't expect to get out of there quickly and when the server comes to your table ask for everything you'll be needing for the rest of the evening.
I dined in the Main Dining Room which is surrounded by authentic Spanish decorations.
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.
My only suggestion would be to avoid long waits for food by adding extra servers when there are large groups.
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.
I ordered the Prix Fixe Pasta while my husband and children ordered from the menu - we were all happy with our choices.
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.
They took 10 minutes to refill our water, they never asked if we would like another drink, and the waiter was nice but just not efficient.
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.
I went there for lunch with my mom, it was just excellent, the sole and cremed spinach dish I had was divine.
Before our food arrived I asked our waitress if we could be moved and she just stared blankly at me.
The waiter just slapped my food down and then never returned until he slapped my check down.
The only thing that I was unhappy about was that one time, the restaurant received a delivery of supplies and the rolled it in through the dining area into the back kitchen, with the deliverymen shouting loud things to each other in chinese.
One gentleman ignored us most of the time and would plunk the coffee down and spill it on the table without saying a word.
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.
1 hour for water, 1 hour for drinks, 1 hour for food, as you can see we were there for almost 5 hours before our bill came, not for enjoyment but pure frustration.
The atmosphere was really nice and inviting but our waiter was awful!
As soon as he sat, a waiter came over not once but twice, the first time to suggest he move to the bar b/c our large booth didn't accomodate an extra person, the second time to insist he move.
My favorites are the chili seared shrimp appetizer, Macadamia chicken salad, yukon gold potato dumplings, maple turkey breast wrap, seared yellowfin tuna burger and for dessert you have to do the lemon ribbon pie (if you're a fan of ice cream) or for the wintery months, the healthy pumpkin pie made with tofu.
Warning, you are supposed to order multiple dishes, so if you order just an entree per person you probably won't have enough.
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.
No extra pickles, no AC, no ice water, slow service, the whole thing was just dissapointing.
No bread basket for the table, the server came around with a basket and we each got 1 piece of bread.
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.
However the manager came over and aplogized and all drinks were on him.
The service always ruins your food if it's poor.
We had: *Soup, forget what kind but it was great *Appetizer-Snails in garlic sauce, which was so good, we confused the snails for mushrooms *Entrees - We had the duck confit lamb shank.
Chef Shea Gallante takes up residence in the former kitchen of Waxman, now walled off from the diners but visible through glass service doors.
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!
The bar is available while you waiting for the table, the DJ is nice.
Ofcourse the restaurant is new and perhaps they have some kinks to work out, but it for the same price you can get a higher caliber brunch at Banania or Cafe Luluc on Smith St.
When we got there (6 women), we were not even allowed in when a staff member with a bad attitude wearing a suit told us that we absolutely needed a reservation (yes, we've gone from an artsy community to this)!
BBQ is ordinal, and cole slaw is not even worth trying.
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.
The only problem my party found was that when people asked for knives and forks (there were only chopsticks on the table) the waitress laughed at them.
Waitress was unenthusiastic and refilled my water only after I asked her to but did not refill my date's empty water glass?!?!?
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.
Staff dissappeared after 2PM and we had to send a search party to find our waitress who was parked at a table upstairs reading a newspaper.
Warning Service is decent, but it takes forever to get the check.
PS : to the waitresses and waiters at Shanghai Cafe(new name of Shanghai Gourmet) if you don't like your job, don't work there.
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.
Although the mediterreanian plate was delicious, it was NOT what I'd expect from a tea salon.
My wife and I had an 8:30 reservation, we show up a few minutes before and the host mumbles something to us about waiting at the bar and they'll tell us when the table is ready.
Little Italy-style hambone performances by the waiters (actually saying fugettaboutit 4 times during specials) was embarassing and did nothing to hide the fact of of being charged for 4 bottles of wine when we only ordered 3.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
the food sucked straight up looks like a nice place to go out with date and have a couple of drinks.
The baked penne came out in a small bowl, burnt with barley any sauce for $18.
it did fill up pretty quickly for lunch, but nobody seemed to have to wait too long, and i'm guessing they might be less busy for dinner.
Helpings are HUGE and most come with choice of rice and beans, or salad and plantains.
fresh home-made tomato sauce with chunks of awesome tomatoes fire it all up in a brick oven.
Main dishes - Vindaloo chicken OK, massive hunk of lamb decent.
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.
They have samosas, chicken tikka masala, and a lot of other dishes you can think of.
When you order a ploughman's lunch you don't even get bread (which confounded me) and the mini yorkshires were dry as a bone.
The decor and the service definitely is not the greatest, but I can overlook those things since their food is just so damn good.
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!
Although Nobu requires a 2-3 month advanced reservations, it's worth the wait!
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.
Upstairs they have an entirely separate hostess, as if it was a different restaurant all together, where after being asked once again if we had a reservation we were seated in a small seat, in the corner, of a practically empty room.
They bought the same surly staff, it still took way too long for food, drink, ANY SERVICE and the food is still $ 12.
The food was average; I could have had a better meal at the local pizza place.
Once the manager loudly referred to the customers patiently waiting at the all-you-can-eat buffet line as 'hungry animals attacking for food'
We ordered coffee, and then he ordered a bacon cheeseburger (for $12, ridiculous even for New York) The waiter then announced he was going to charge us a $4 sharing charge.
Get plenty on food for the price.
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.
We had to flag down the waiter even to refill water glasses!
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.
Cocktails were ok, not so good with chinese food so hot tea was fine for us.
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.
Succulent, buxom mussels can be had four ways: with classical white wine, tomatoes, luxurious Pernod and cream, or chorizo and white beans.
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.
It looks like a small pizza joint, and it is, but the food and service are out of this world.
I sometimes long for their chicken fried steak and a beer, this place does the trick every time.
We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away in the backroom, which is dimly-lit, casual, cozy--kind of felt like you were sitting in a spacious dining galley of a ship or a cabin.
Now residing in Chicago, the only quality pies are the deep dishes, which I do like.
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!
The service is pleasent, but they did forget to bring my mother in law's appetizer.
The wait staff pushed us to get desserts immediately after we finished our main course and we had to continuously tell them we are not ready yet.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, MAKE RESERVATIONS FAR IN ADVANCE TO AVOID LONG WAIT TIMES.
The food choices were a bit unique so if you are a steak and potatos person then this may not be the place for you.
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.
Days later, you'll dream about luscious polenta beneath braised rabbit with thyme and olive gravy, tender calves' liver slivered over sweet and sour onions, meaty monkfish with lemon-rosemary escarole and sublime chocolate pear tart.
Their olive oil (for dipping purposes) has at the bottom a great mix of italian basil etc, try to get it on your bread without getting a clogged artery!!!
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.
A dish of chewy smoked seitan evokes Peking duck, while an entree of wide green-tea noodles is served in a tasty faux Bolognese sauce.
However service was quite slow for a lunch hour.
The waiter, Momir, was on top of everything the whole time-not to mention entertaining us by constantly hitting on the two blond souther girl sitting at the table next to us-- and the free wine and after dinner espressos were much appreciated.
after the main course the waitress brought desert menus and never came back.
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.
Though weekend nights and Sunday brunch draw the largest crowds, neighborhood residents master this vegan menu of quinoa-lentil cakes, seitan piccata, and sweet-potato pumpkin pie by popping in daily.
This is also when the waiter told us that half the menu was sold out.
I like the smaller portion size for dinner.
Our server never bothered to inquire as to whether or not we wanted coffee.
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.
The centerpiece of the menu is a range of sushi and sashimi sets: standard pieces and rolls that are adequately fresh and reliable.
It may not be cuisine at it's hautest, but Grand Canyon does a mean burger and great big fluffy fries.
Our server paid little attention to refilling our drinks, the runners brought the entrees out less than 1 minute after the appetizer, the server delivered another table's bill to us before we had even had entrees, and my partner's entree has a very noticable hair on his plate.
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!
My complaint was the service was not that good but the food made up for it.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.
00 bottle of wine, we had to endure the waiter's attitude, like he was doing us a solid, if you're into huge Euro crowds and don't care about what you eat and how it is served to you, Baraonda is your kind of place.
Waiters then recite an impossibly long list of specials; pay attention or you'll miss out on voluptuous porcini mushroom ravioli or hefty lamb chops with rosemary crust.
I was not allowed to transfer my credit card to the table, and was treated disgracefully while the hostess waited for the bar to sign off my card.
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.
pineapple, kiwi, guava, and raspberry sorbet.
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.
Service was good except the waitress brought over the check before I asked her.
Our waitress was so fun- I wanted her to join us for dinner.
Careful when ordering soup, the portion is huge, you need to share, but its worth spending the extra couple bucks on just to taste it -- its all home-made food.
We ate brunch here with my parents on a Sunday afternoon -- delicious food, lovely service, great value.
Waiter was very arrogant, though tha staff was attentive and when a waiter pilled a glass of water on one of our guests, the hostess ran with a dry cleaning voucher even though we did not make a big deak of it - just an accident and only water.
Upon calling to reserve a table outside for Brunch, the manager requested a cc nbr to secure the table for 6 (I was 8 months pregnant and there was a little baby).
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.
However, the restaurant is nothing special and and the food is hit or miss - perhaps the chef should tend more to his main dishes rather than mingling with the customers.
The ribs superb, the steak, the chicken wings, the french fries, the hamburger.
We started ordering wine and, since we don't know much about it, we decided to let the waiter choose for us; we were pleased with his recommendation.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
The food is first-rate awful - they managed to offend two countries in one meal - my husband's middle eastern platter (hummous, falafel, stale chips) was lo ta'im (not tasty) - and my mexican salad (bean, avocado, lettuce, stale chips) was muy repugnato.
Generous portions on the entrees.
Oh, and kudos to the hostess who appeared out of thin air with extra napkins just moments after a glass of water was knocked over - she's upping the bar on service here.
Pork chops is probably the best choice on the menu.
Binegar, soy sauce, pish sauce, garLIC, ginger, chicken, lechon, oh man, it was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good.
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
Our waiter had started to circle around our table like a shark after our 2nd dish, taking out plates when we were not even done.
From a solid homey, affordable Italian menu in a warm, exhileratingly crowded location they've gone to a 30$ minimum per person on opera nights with a quality of food and drink that just does not warrant the prices.
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.
Upon arrival I attempted to give a waiter my name (there doesn't seem to be a hostess) and tell him I had a 9pm reservation, but was told to just go get in line and wait for a table.
Main courses include char-grilled whole brook trout, baby lamb sotee, and (of course) kebabs of lamb and chicken; Try the thick Turkish coffee with a dessert of Kunefe with cheese !
food is heaven  we were greeted by the hostess and sat down immediatly the space was very crowded and and we decided to order drinks promptly food can wait.
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.
Tony's gone, sadly Ernie's passed on and now the waiters have corn rows and less finish to their chosen profession but it still maintains it's class and place as a brooklyn landmark.
The line gets a bit claustrophobic, since you're jammed against the counter, but the enormous Greek salad (replete with herbed feta, slightly sweet dolmades and a plethora of olives), the baba ghanouj and the eponymous falafel are great, as are the spanokopita and other spur-of-the-moment pastries they always seem to be featuring.
The wait can be long especially during brunch time but worth it.
The wait staff had good recommendations and when i broke a wine glass, they reacted in a way to put me out of my embarrassment quickly and even filled me a new glass of wine.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.
The first time my husband and I went there, both the appetizer and entreee I ordered were not available, but we had a waitress who was really on top of things.
Half an hour after our appetizer was cleared, the waiter told us it would take more time to get our main courses.
Plenty of tables to allow for some alone time with a friend in an otherwise sometimes crowded bar area.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.
Our waiter must have been a 'stand-in' because he did not know the menu, choices or basic service protocol (bread plate on the left).
Our server seemed out of it, and drinks took 15 minutes to arrive.
for instance, i sat next to this couple who experienced problems with their food and the asked to speak to a manager.
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.
We asked for our check (to pay for our drinks and leave), and received the quickest service all evening.
After spending about 2 hours in the restaurant our waiter decided to call it a night without even asking if we wanted dessert.
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.
I went to the tasting before Nobu opened and the menu and service has greatly improved since then.
At almost $70/person with a glass of wine, the food is overrated.
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.
Besides the food, the ambience reminds one of being in your grannie's dining room.
My dinner at Diner 24 is highlighted by rude waiters, overpriced food and unprepared dishes.
We did complain to the manager, but she just said there are problems in the kitchen and took the drinks off bill.
This closet-sized little eatery has a great collection of wine, by the glass, carafe, and bottle.
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.
The brunch entrees were shockingly overpriced, even for the area, and especially given the food quality.
After being seated at an outdoor table on a 45 degree tilt, the surly waitress gave us menus.
You should not go to a Brazilian BBQ place and have to chase the waiters and go to the hostess ASKING FOR MEAT.
I looked for months for a reasonably priced place that could accommodate about 40 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.
The waitor never gave us the specials menu (which they gave to a another couple who sat next to us 20 minutes later) and the service was very slow even for the basics (bread and water, for which we had to ask a couple of times).
When we finally got our waiters attention - and explained to him we were unhappy with our entrees, his demeanor changed completely, he took our dishes and walked away without taking another order for us or asking if he could get us anything else.
After we sat down and started ordering, the waiter informed us that they were really only into serving dinners.
First of all we ordered a wine from the menu listed as 2000 but the waiter brought the 2001 vintage and tried to pass it off as the 2000.
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.
We arrived about 15 minutes late for a Friday 12:30 reservation, but the staff couldn't have been nicer.
I would not return for a $30 entree of inadequate portions.
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.
A friend and I had a lovely bottle of wine, two appetizers, two main courses and two coffees and we had change from $40.
As we were finishing our dessert, a nearby waitress dropped a tray and HOT CHOCOLATE SAUCE splattered all over my neck, hair and sweater and my boyfriend's clothes.
We sat, missing a place setting for a while before the waitress came to ask if we wanted water and then ran away.
Upon entering Alta the bar and restaurant decor ironically misguide the patron.
Don't bother looking at a menu- Shrimp cocktail, steak for 1,2,3, or more, creamed spinach and hash browns, and save room for the pecan pie and cheese cake, and don't forget the SCHLAG!!!!
We recently visited Madiba for lunch, and our waitress was sweet but ineffective.
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.
not to mention that the waiter offered putting a scoop of ice cream on my dessert.
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.
Waiter suggests a beer, and offers to bring a small glass, to taste it and see if I like it, before I even order the beer!
And then he'll forget to bring your drink every time you order one, won't pay attention to your table of 8, will give you unwarranted attitude, and never be friendly or smile.
The food is good whether you are going for dinner or just for a couple of drinks and a small appetizer.
I can honestly say that while some of the dishes I have had at other places I might have rated on an individual basis higher I have not enjoyed a total dining experience more.
The kitchen staff either cannot or will not accomodate special diets which is surprising given that there are so many fine dining establishments that do have special menus to cater to vegetarians.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
Our margaritas came after 1/2 an hour - and they didn't ever ask if we wanted more - the server brought all our food to the wrong table - my dinner came after my boyfriend had finished his plate and they ran out of a certain dish at 9PM on a Friday!!
The food was good but not worth the price.
Village salad had a lot more cucumbers than tomatoes most likely because tomatoes are expensive in US and they want to earn more taking advantage of people who don't know about Greek food.
I can't speak on the food, but I went there for a show the other week and here is my experience: one of the friendliest servers ever (no attitude); the drinks were avg.
Wait staff is seemingly non-existant, and food servers are way too agressive - our food was thrown on the table, and even knocked a member of my party in the head with a plate with little acknowledgement.
Actually she want to eat sushi, but their staff reject to serve it.
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.
The Scene This tiny jewel of a spot is simply decorated with white walls and plate glass.
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.
Bartender seemed cool, so maybe I'd go back for a drink.
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.
the rest of my table disliked their food, and also had to send drinks back because it was not what they ordered.
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.
I have to say that I've been there only during brunch time but the service even though slow, it was good.
throughout the whole meal, all I kept thinking was AVERAGE, AVERAGE, AVERAGE until the bill came, which was a little more than average,to say the least.
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!
We decided to order soup (over $6 a bowl), thinking that would be quick, however our waitress then said the soup is OUT OF A CAN and still would be a 20 minute wait since the tickets are processed in order.
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.
Were told we could not share one menu and called over the horrible manager.
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.
It's the New York you thought was long gone; orders are spoken, not yelled, and the staff knows the names of patrons' dogs.
We ordered off the restaurant week menu, which at other establishments means automatic second-rate service, but not here.
For desert take the tiramisu, it is by far the best there.
After being seated by a very kind, but quite stressed, young lady, we took in the room and menu.
I don't like places that sacrifice quality for money or play tricks on you by hiding drink prices till check time (everyone at the place was drinking Sangria, so that, it seems, must be the money-maker).
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.
The Scene This cosmopolitan cousin of the legendary Harry's Bar in Venice is frequented by a wealthy and insouciant crowd, the types who don't bother looking at menu prices when they order.
I also asked for a chef (thought that may be able to talk about the food for the party), but the waitress said that there was no chef at the restaurant.
MY FATHER ASKED FOR A MARTINI MADE A CERTAIN WAY THE WAITER HAD NO CLUE WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.
It is never a ridiculous wait no more than 30 minutes, in the meantime you can chat with your friends and start the week-end off right with a signature drink from the bar!
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.
And I agree with a couple of reviews down that the asparagus and egg app is very very good, but not light on calories -- also huge and low-ish on carbs, so you Atkiners could eat that for an entree.
We probably would have stuck out the wait if we could have gotten a drink at the bar but apparently it was closed or only for show.
Not only did they refuse to give me any milk but they charged me full price ($9) for plain udon noodles - no broth, veggies, or meat just wet noodles in a bowl.
Service was good throughout the dinner but when it came time to get the check, we waited over 20 min.
I haven't tried their brunch, partly because their coffee is a bit weak to me.
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.
Great from appetizer to dessert including a wonderfully created vegetarian plate that is not on the menu.
We took seats at the bar with 2 amazing bottles of wine (one for the appetizers and one to match the entrees) Monsieur Zucco was very accomodating and kept a sharp eye at filling our glasses at the right time at the right level.
A big pile of seasonal fruit and strawberry butter on french toast, good coffee, a hopping crowd, friendly service.
we saw another waitress spill hot coffee on another diner's foot.
The steak and sides at Luger's are definitely tasty, but the legendary status it seems to hold lead me to be disappointed after the actual meal.
The spring rolls are great, tastes like any other rolls with meat filling and I had the soy protein ham dish (bad idea).
My girlfriend had a margarita she said was ok, and I had a soda that somehow tasted terrible, like the line was dirty.
Only quibbles are so-so wine service, and while Prix-fixe is reasonable at $68, extra charges for additional dishes/tastings can be high.
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.
The place was empty with three waiters working and it still took 15 minutes to bring us menus.
It took us about 30 minutes to get seated, the burgers came without lettuce, they brougt us the wrong drinks, and the flavor of the burgers were below average.
The menu was in Italian- might as well have been in Esperanto;that put us at the mercy of the waiter for recommendations.
We too had reservations but the gentleman never checked a book to see our names or check us off.
Dessert was speedily served as I still had a beer to drink and this is after I requested a few extra moments until it arrives.
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.
Our server (after 4 reminders) finally got around to getting our cocktail orders during the meal (at a time when the establishment was not full).
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.
The appetizer, conch fritas was yummy; entree, spicy shrimp with coconut rice (just a hint of coconut - not overwhelming); and the dessert tres leches de mango with calle ocho cafe was unbelievable!
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.
The dinner menu promises creative-yet-comforting fare, such as beef brisket in a red wine and fig sauce, panko-crusted tofu over hijiki salad, and a six-spice beef burger.
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.
even though he wasn't our waiter that evening, chris had 2 glasses of champaigne sent over to our table and later on the manager sent over a desert with a candle in it and congratulated us.
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).
When I go out for dinner which is quite often, I have never encountered such rudeness from a waiter or owner as I did at this smoke filled, tight spaced, cash only restaurant.
The menu reads well, and it sounds like the chef knows whats up.
My favorite is a dish I've treasured since childhood, linguine with white clam sauce, cooked with pepperoncino.
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.
We ended up hanging out for a few hours at their bar with a staff that we felt like we've known for years.
The wait staff rushed us through our meal, took away our food before we were finished (even though we told them we were still eating) and then, as we were lingering over the bill, asked us to leave.
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.
The menu offers all the usuals: inexpensive spring rolls, vegetable sweet-sours, pad thai.
I KEPT WAITING FOR THE FLAVORS IN THIS RICH LOOKING SAUCE TO TAKE OVER, BUT THEY DID NOT, THE SCALLOP WAS A LITTLE RUBBERY.
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.
The Food Outstanding soup choices include the chicken curry, which mixes egg noodles with eggplant, potatoes, and fresh lemon, all in a spicy coconut curry broth.
Diners sit around large tables where chefs ostentatiously chop, slice, stir-fry and grill.
When there is so much GREAT food in New York, why go for the high-priced mediocre meal?
get the mussels as an appetizer and try to save room for dessert.
In the dim lighting, I thought the portions were impressive and dug in.
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.
Pecorina brusselsprouts tasted only from the cheese, baccala appetizer was like something from out of a can, beet with pistacchio was ok but could have used someth extra likelemon juice, Saltimbocca was dry and uninspired and the pasta not any better than all the million Italian restos around Bleecker.
The Scene An outing to this ski lodge-sized hot spot, with one of the city's most expansive and popular outdoor patios, feels more like a night spent at a fashion show than dinner at a restaurant--and not just because of the celebrity sightings.
Knew we were in trouble when the waiter spilled our cocktails on the table and couldn't be bothered to bring new silverware.
The Food Chef-owner Tom Valenti's food makes just as much noise; he cooks in a masculine, big-flavored, meat-and-potatoes style, rich with terrines, mustards, eggs and bitter greens.
The owner asked the waitress what I said and then proceeded to shout profanity at me from the entrance of the caf.
Horrible experience, from bartenders trying to pocket the $6 change for a $14 glass of wine, to inattentive and smug service, for sub-par food.
One of the best things about this place are the appetizers, since they have so many unique things to choose from (I always get the clams and the zucchini!)
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.
The waiter was pretty anxious to get us in-and-out, although there were ample tables and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar.
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.
You must eat the cheese fondue (I usually have a special one - my favorite was made with carmelized onions) with medium rare beef tips!!
We went at 1 am, we got food, fast service and Excellent drinks.
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).
they made a good mojito, but the first bite of food, our appetizer, black pepper crab dumplings were so bad that they rendered my palate useless, seriously, and we had to cut our dinner short and wash our mouths out with soap.
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.
Service is not particularly warm, but I've gone back again and again (for dinner) over the years on an almost monthly basis.
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.
He was not accommodating at all and the handful of dishes I sampled that night failed to compare to anything you would find elsewhere in the city for less than half the price.
sort of crouched in a chair, leaning over a table, while someone did that obnoxious karate chop sort of thing on her back for way too long.
I called ahead and was told that there would be no problem seating a party of two at 5:30, arrived at 5:30, was told there would be a 5 to 10 minute wait.
If you consider throwing food at your when they remember good service, then go for it.
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.
Appetizers were by far the best, entrees were subpar but desserts were sublime.
I went into the buffet style ordering counter, got my plate and was surprised when I bit into a cold plate of chicken and sweet potato.
I usually order the specials but if not there are at least 5 great dishes that I would choose from any given night.
My friend and I did have to wait a few minutes for a table, but only because Amanda Hesser (the new NY Times food critic) showed up and, obviously, needed a copious level of attention from the greetings staff.
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!
The waiter came back after I had finished my appetizer to correct himself and let me know that it wasn't vegetarian (chicken stock) after all.
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.
For appetizers, I'd recommend the crab napolean or the monkfish mousse.
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!
Do not go to this restaurant unless you like paying high prices for small protions, ordering a drink that arrives 20 minutes later, or ordering a meal only to get the side dish 5 minutes after you're done.
The waitstaff told us that they had already run out of one of the entrees (before 8 p.
We waited for 1 hour each time the waitress came over to our table.
You can't go wrong with any of the mojitos and the food is very tasty and presented beautifully.
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.
The food was then rushed unappealing never once were we asked if we'd like a a second bottle of water let alone a second drink.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.
I went with two friends and had the smores bar - two yummy chocolate chip cookies with marshmallows and chocolate melted between, and they serve it piping hot!
The crowd was non-existent on the Wednesday we went, which had the advantage of no wait for our table (even though we called an hour early and they said they only have a reservation for 9:00 pm).
the trendy atmosphere and high price fooled me into thinking that somehow the food would be innovative.
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.
Every time I eat there I feel as if the chef and waitstaff have cooked, prepared and served a meal as if I am the only customer/guest.
staff is still working out their kinks and learning about the menu but no real complaints.
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.
Apparently the same hostess was also trying to kick out a group of women having drinks at a table and giving them a hard time for holding up a table.
As appetizers we enjoyed the Drunken Goat Cheese Salad and Lobster Empanadas.
I ordered pasta in a pomodoro sauce and it tasted like it came out of a can.
We placed a delivery order - 2 pastas and a caprese and they took and 1 1/2 to get here and the food was inedible when we received it.
The waiters were getting a wine class from a very loud manager and ignoring all the patrons - someone should have been giving them a class on serving instead.
My dining partner ordered the turkey burger and declared this also to be the best one ever.
There were 6 servers standing around watching me eat but they never asked if I needed anything or even offered me water.
The menu was nicely sized with five small plates, eight appetizers and seven entrees.
But the appetizer is a litlle pricey, especialy $6 for 3 pieces sushi, but iutside that it was a great experience, food was great, and not too costly over all.
I don't mind paying a high price for a really good meal, but this was really average food.
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!
Didn't have room for dessert, but will definitely be back to try the coconut mousse.
The food did not come out on time or together and the waiter never came to explain why.
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
However, the cheese fondue had too much wine and not enough cheese, the escargot was too stewy and the salmon was very average.
Our waitress bought us a round of after drinks too.
Our waiter told us he knew all the wines on it quite well, and he did!
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.
The waiter returned seconds later to complain that dozens of people wanted our table then poured her beer into a paper cup-- presumably to encourage us to leave faster.
The mac and cheese is to die for as are many other main dishes including the pork ribs, roast chicken and traditional spaghetti meatballs.
The first course of scallops and caviar coupled with celery seemed very bland and left me totally under whelmed; the immense use of oil, coupled with the over cooked vegetables, left my fish entre inedible.
The food is mediocre, burgers are ok, the pizza tastes like the box it's delivered in.
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.
Great place to go for a lunch date or for coffee after a date.
At lunch, try something with chicken.
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.
The overpriced food that's supposed to come off as homestyle diner just doesn't work when the atmosphere is supposed to be super cool but the food is super bland.
When the spastic waiter finally stopped by our table, we told him we were going to order everything at once b/c we were getting pretty hungry.
To top it off, when we mentioned it to our lovely waitress, she responded as though it was no big deal along with Well now you know for the next time.
Prime Rib was cold and very fatty--Drinks were good though--Very expensive--I've had much better for less.
Our oh-so-chic waitress obstained from half the items on the menu (give me a break) so she couldn't make subjective recommendations.
dips, lamd shops, beans, fresh fish.
The wait staff was not as attentive as I would have liked, we had to ask several times for water and refills of water, and after the food was served, no one returned to check on us.
the food was pretty nice, but it's on the expensive side.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
at the end of the meal the hostess came to us and rudely ask us to leave the table, we were astonished by her attitude.
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.
The only drawback is the need for reservations around the typical pre-theatre times.
The bigger sin is the service --our waiter was late with our main dishes, late with the bill, which was totaled incorrectly (twice).
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.
Our waiter took our drink orders and never came back!
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.
We went in March'03 on Sunday - the food was just so-so, but we had to beg for a glass of water (and never got it anyway), but the worst part - the forks and knives were totally dirty (you could see someone's scrambled eggs on them).
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.
The space is tiny and intimate, so if you score a table, or a good seat at the bar, you're set for the night.
Went for dinner around 9pm on a Sunday night and sourdough bread they brought right away was warmed to perfection and delicious.
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.
The waiter was constantly puching us to have drinks, he told us that we were not ordering properly and insisted on bringing to the table his recommendations.
We had to wait an hour before our food was served, then another hour inbetween courses, all the while whilst the staff were naughtily hiding in an attempt to avoid our 'where's out food?'
The Captain was showing his impatience for a crowded Monday night and the dinner I was served was not prepared the way he told me it would be.
not large portions - my boyfriend's entree looked more like an appetizer, and all we got out of the dinner was a $100 tab and hunger for more food.
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).
Their new style of all you can eat is: They bring barely enough food for the table, mostly just bread ,until you ask a waiter to bring some more.
I work nearby so I've eaten here countless times (breakfast, lunch, dinner, even Sunday brunch), and been to several really cool parties--the food's delicious, and the setting is spectacular.
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.
He roasts tomatoes in the oven to make his fantastic sauce.
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.
Opt for the spectacular Emperor's Meal, a multi-course tasting menu loaded with velvet-textured pumpkin soup, mesclun greens sparked by a simple but savory sesame-soy vinaigrette, crispy sauteed tofu noodles and steamboat soup, a heady clear-broth crock of cabbage, carrots, watercress, mushrooms, walnuts, dates and cherries.
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.
Another hour waiting for our food, we spoke to the manager, he told us he would give us a discount off our bill.
I took a few clients for lunch and the service was lackluster, food was fair at best, and the prices were outrageous - Don't wast your time with this place !
Their yogurt breads are very good, but I wasn't impressed with their sandwiches.
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.
I've only had take-out from here but a couple of their dishes, along with the spicy green and orange sauces, are amazing.
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.
I ordered the empanadas sampler, crab croqueta, and something else I don't remember but I remember (all appetizers) thinking this was the best Cuban meal I had ever eaten.
Recently, I celebrated my birthday at this restaurant - it was a brunch for 60 people, all of whom said the food was exceptional.
After admitting that the items on the bill were not in line with the menu, the manager reserved the right to price at her own discretion!
There wasn't even a decent waiting area--on a Friday night the lounge is full--and when we tried to sit on the only available seating (granite ledge outside of the restaurant) another bouncer w/ an earpiece told us to move.
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.
service, one would be overpaying for the experience and for the food.
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.
The pricing isn't quite clear and look out for that asterisk on the menu where they add on that extra 6-8 bucks.
Party of 4 after a Sunday matinee, no reservation, seated promtply, but service was slow.
The Happy Hour is the best I've ever been too, and the chocolate chip cookies that are passed around throughout dinner are to die for.
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.
Our waiter suggested a fantastic Greek wine that was far less expensive then we were willing to spend.
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.
Other dishes get a matriarchal moniker: Mom's Meat Loaf with Neapolitan-style Potatoes and Homemade Lasagna, Mom's Style.
The waiters actually roll their eyes when you order something, as if you are imposing on them by ordering food.
our waiter noticed it was my bday w/o me saying, and brought me cake w/ candles.
She then sent over the owner, and his only recourse was to give us a free bottle of sparkling wine.
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.
the food arrived and a 1/3 of the way through my meal i realised that two-thirds of my fish was uncooked.
when the waitress finally took our order after being seated at the table for over 30 minutes only to wait another 45 minutes for food and when the food arrived the order was incomplete.
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.
a red curry shrimp dish where the only thing on the plate that's tasty is the rice?
The small wooden bar and counter up front incorporate a wine rack and dessert display.
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.
$20/person value included a drink, some bread, and various breakfast selections.
So we said we would have a drink at the bar (the only redeaming quality or value in the whole place was the bartender and the big vodka sour she made me).
Apps- chili shrimp, tempura sashimi, entree's- rack lamb, kobe tartar, crispy spinach.
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.
Although the wait staff was friendly, the atmosphere was not.
Recently a seafood dish was so salty that that one flaw overshadowed otherwise excellent 'side' dishes, apps desert.
Service during either brunch or dinner could be quicker and more attentive at times.
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.
We decided on several appetizers, the clear winner was the sardines, something I normally wouldnt have tried.
My companion went to the bathroom and overheard the waiter singing near the back of the place The cappuccino machine is broken, It's broken.
With so many $20 bottles of wines from which to choose, our waiter helped pick a good one.
From the overstuffed menu to the placemats advertising spectacularly festive drinks, to the comfy booths, the decor signals -- this is indeed your grandfather's diner and thank goodness for it.
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.
The main meal, a red snapper, was not bad, but after hoping I would experience a true spanish experience, the remaining dinner lost its appeal.
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.
Although tiramisu was ordered on every other table, and looked very yummy, at the end of our meal I was simply too full to try.
employees not fighting with each other in front of clients 3 having ALL the ingredients for the meals they have on there menue.
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.
The staff was gracious enough to keep her arrival a secret by letting us wait at the bar and holding our table for us until she and our father arrived 45 minutes late (delayed flight).
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.
I would wait for a table next time, the food was that good.
Also excellent is the okonomiyaki, a tangy cabbage, pork and shrimp frittata topped with bonito flakes and a dollop of mayonnaise.
My sashimi was just ok with very little flavor from the sauces they supposedly put on them and the napolean had something that stuck out in the flavor, not in a good way.
The simple corn tamale comes with a mild homemade sour cream, and the inexpensive enchiladas, prepared with expertly spiced strips of beef, could easily serve as an entree.
They make pizza the way you should with lots of sauce.
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.
Choppy service with a bit of attitude thrown in -when we asked for the restaurant week prix fix menus the aiter made a face.
The wait staff while attentive did nothing to address the hair that was found in one of our dishes.
I had the tuna, which tasted like dead fish that laid in the sun for 3 wks.
After waiting an hour and a half, a delivery man - with heavily bleeding gums - told me not to worry, that my meal had been replaced with fresh food, and that my old order had been RE-SERVED to another customer.
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.
Get it served with rice and vegetables (yummy), some house red wine, nice big plate of tzatziki, saganaki and you'll be in heaven.
Waiter had to lean on my husband to give people next to us their food.
In fact, our waiter mis-pronounced many of the items on the menu.
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.
the foods so tasty(the soup maybe a little blandbut ill forgive them only because everything else is out of this world.
This place basically has the same menu as Penang but everything is cheaper, including the atmosphere.
The turkey burgers are thick and juicy and they pile the mushrooms on!
When the bill came, the waiter snatched it back so he could add the $3 difference to the wine.
Bread had a oil on it so it was messy.
To sum it up: Service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average Ok.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
Before we can even order desert, the waitress comes and tells us we have to leave because the host wanted our table.
I ordered their famous buffalo steak which originally would come with homemade potatoe gnocchi but I chose the sauteed spinach with garlic instead, which turned out to be exceptional.
Everything we had from the scallop starter to the rare ribeye, right through dessert was impeccible.
The bread was served, one razor thin slice on our bread plate, by the waiter.
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.
My wife I went here for a Birthday dinner and were immediately impressed with the wine list.
I asked the captain to bring the food in separate bags and he loudly said, Oh, I guess you are not getting lucky tonight.
The Food The most dependable route is to stick to appetizers--the cheese bread is quite good--and drinks.
During my meal the waiter and waitress gathered with other friends that had arrived and they spent the whole time talking and ignoring the clientele.
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.
When we went up to get what we assumed would be our second drink at no charge, the bartender charged us $5 a piece.
I had perhaps the finest buffalo mozerella and tomato salad - the cheese seemed to melt in my mouth, and the tomatos were red, ripe and sweet.
the solitary waitress was friendly though i found her service a little slow.
I thought it was great, best service I've ever had in a long time.
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.
The salads were like those we were served in Paris, and the Eggs Benedict were out of this world.
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.
We got the cold appetizer sampler and the dish was FULL of food, all for $12.
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.
They don't take reservations, though, so you have to get there by 8:00 to get a good table.
The man working the door (red hair)-very funny and warming.
The waitress did try to get the manager to at least give us the Sangria on the house but the manager refused.
Well, what can I say about a restaurant with a takeaway menu completely devoid of sugar, butter, or deep-fried anything?
One example: They literally took bread from my baby, after we ordered a brick oven pizza, not food (the waiter's words).
In the most beautiful ground floor brownstone setting.
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.
What I can say is that it was definitely some very good quality pizza, no matter what area of the world/style of pizza you are used to.
However, the service was so excellent, we added $10 to the tip!
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.
they used to have grilled panini for under $9 at lunch which was great considering that its a sitdown restaurant with service, but i didnt see those options when i came here this week.
We decided to share order of filet mignon for the table because there was just not enough food.
The Chicken Tikka is so moist, plump, seasoned so well and simply divine (you don't need any extra sauces to get this well marinated chicken down.
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.
The food was delicious but we were rushed through dinner because they were closing soon (since we were seated an hour later than we should have).
Comfort food is the restaurant's strength: Braised short ribs are promising, the Nicoise salad (with seared tuna) is fresh and tasty and the mashed potatoes are, true to form, delectable.
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!
worst margaritas in town,if you are going to order a battle of (white wine)they served hot.
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).
It was my birthday and although they came out with of a bottle of bub, I felt embarrassed about the lack of service.
The Food There's a Mediterranean bent to the menu--hummus, babaganoush and stuffed grape leaves are offered, as well as Moroccan chicken and spicy Merguez lamb sausage.
Dining choices range from three-course, ingredient-themed tasting menus or a regular, seasonal a la carte menu.
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.
We decided to ask for our check for the wine we had and the waiter became completely annoyed at us!
In all cases, service is slow but it's not the waiters fault.
After the waiter finally took our order and gave us our food he never came back.
The wait (despite reservation) was 35 minutes (in an over-crowded bar) no apologies whatsoever.
We had a reservation and 2 of us showed up on time and notified the hostess that we were there but the other 2 were running a few minutes late.
Get some drinks and listen to the free live music.
This place is decent if you want to hang out with friends (who don't mind paying up) in a low-key atmosphere with good food, but don't mind putting up with sub-par level of service.
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.
our waiter spilled an entire glass of water on my brother and didn't so much as acknowledge it, let alone apologize.
we walked in to the resturant, squeezed by our (to be) waiter (who ignored us and didnt step to the side), and straight up to the host (he was busy talking to the bar tender).
Unlike the reviewer before me, what made me KEEP going back was the great reception I received from the bouncers and I needed several cocktails to endure the waitstaff.
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.
The sexy waiter suggested the Pineapple Basil ( I Know is sounds yucky, but MMMM) Martini.
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.
I guess if you order the chef's tasting menu, which is a seven course meal with an optional wine matching for $125pp then your tummy will be well satisfied.
When we requested a table our bar tab was quickly transferred and the LOVELY hostess sat us at a table of our choice - we chose the corner.
The food is good, and we won't let one bad apple spoil the batch.
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.
we shared many dishes but none really stood out except the spinach, wow!!
Few styles of cooking place such an importance on texture--baby eels in a sizzling slick of oil, for example, is nudged just a shade away from pasta by the crackle of tiny bones under your teeth.
Encouraged, I went back for dinner and was again impressed: crisp, spicy asparagus spears (tad too spicy?
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.
The head waiter made some lame excuse about how the chef had asked the hostess to revise the menu but it had not been changed.
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.
Entrees range from strongly seasoned nori-wrapped rare tuna with wasabi-soy vegetables to simple wood-grilled halibut with light caper vinaigrette.
After all, fresh fish, vegetables and fruits in season, olive oil, lemon and oregano are ingredients readily available on the Mediterranean.
Made with extra egg yolks, the custard has more flavor than traditional scoops; it's also got less than half the fat of premium store-bought pints.
Our waiter was great and we even got drinks and some food courtesy of the cheff- maybe because it wasn't so busy when we went.
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.
And when I received my $9 glass of wine, I had to ask the waitress if she planned on putting more in -- there was hardly any liquid in the glass!
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.
The hamburger showed up long before the mussels, and the waiter suggested I start eating because he didnt want my food to get cold.
Try the tea service (just $14 includes a pot of tea, tea sandwiches, warm scone, dessert, and other goodies), and come by yourself or with a friend.
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.
Was a bit disappointed by the sashimi (the sauce a bit greasy) and dumpling (all you taste is the pepper) appetizers but the entrees (chicken and sea bass) were really fresh and tasty.
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!
for our entree without a waiter in sight.
I tried the price fix and te waiter looked offended when I requested the price fix menu.
When we sat down, the waiter barely looked in our direction and abruptly shoved our menus on the table.
My friend ordered the scallops which were served in a light red sauce that was complemented very nicely with atichoke palms.
The food was horrible, and full of small bones, the dessert was advertised as homemade ice cream and pastries--but we only received 2 small scoops of commercial ice cream--no pastries.
My nice waitress even came running out of the restaurant to hand me a tiny box I had forgotten on the table.
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.
Not only is it the nicest atmosphere with an antique bar and allabaster globes sconces, marble fireplace.
We reserved the downstair lounge for private parties and the price was fairly reasonable.
after such a strong showing, dessert was a letdown per our waiters recommendation, we ordered the raspberry softie the coconut-stuffed apricots the softie tasted like a mixture between cough syrup a starburst, whereas the apricots were extremely sour.
great food, but not low fat.
When asked what the waitress recommended she just named a few things off the menu without saying why.
The spicy tuna is great, as is the seasonal spider roll, (soft shell crab).
The waitstaff briskly plunks down dishes that take alarmingly little time to make, which, in addition to dumplings, include sizzling platters of meat and lo mein noodles.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Sometimes I wish there were a bar to sit at and have a glass of wine, but on the other hand the lack of one allows the place a pleasant sit down sort of feel.
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.
I just think the prices are high for the type of food the kitchen turns out as well as the portion sizes.
This is a very small 4 tables or so restaurant with a very modest enviornment, so if you're with business partners for lunch or dinner, Plataforma Restaurant or Brazil Grill are the better choices, but if you got a lot of time with some buddies of yours, then this one may be for you.
You can go to all these gormet places and eat expensive pizza this is the best cheese, sauce, bread its a done deal.
The waitress asked us if we'd be eating dinner.
The owner lied to me when i asked where our food was 1 hour after we placed the order - he said oh your friend said you were not ready for it.
The service is Ok, but they must have drank the coolade, as they believe that they are serving good food!
No compensatory nibbles or drinks were supplied -- even after we indicated to the waiter that it was 'the right thing to do'
My party got the dessert sampler which included 6 highlights from the dessert menu--each of which were worth the price of the three course meal ($90 per person with margaritas, tax, and tip).
The bartender said that they didn't have one, but did say, We have mixed drinks.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.
The mussles had be be a portion of maybe 8-9 mussles only and the gnocci were basically all garlic- garlic is just meant to be a condiment- way tooo much garlic.
When the waitress brought the check after an hour, she finally noticed that I had been sitting without food and offered to get it for me.
I don't understand the other negative reviews of the service because we had amazing waiter.
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.
We were given only one waiter for 20 people, and it honestly took over 1/2 an hour to get coffee (I actully went across the street to Dunkin Donuts!)
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.
The uptight female manager came up to our table and rudely asked us to get up because they had a party waiting to eat.
This is definitely not a place to come for lunch because you can get the same food from a corner deli at half the price they charge here.
Fortunately the hostess was nice enough to take our appetizers off the bill after we complained.
The service is smart and though they can be overwhelmed with the crowds, does a good job.
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.
I would not suggest dining here unless you get a different server.
For lunch, try the white meat chicken salad.
They don't offer recommendations, take a long time with drink orders, don't check back after serving the entree, and plan on waiting a long time for the check.
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.
We had to call him over 3 times during the meal because he gave us the wrong food, did not bring water after we asked twice, gave me the wrong drink, and did not check on us once.
The owner kindly gave us appetizers on the house to make our now, long wait, more pleasant, but of course they took forever to arrive and were insufficient.
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.
To SM's credit, our waiter was eventually replaced and the matre d' offered us free dessert, but we're not going back there ever again.
The entrance is a bit unwelcoming, after you pass throught the glass doors you enter a cedar rich hallway and the woods at the entrance and downstairs are rich, but to my horror the main dining room is wallpapered in faux wood veneer making it look like a bad episode of trading spaces.
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.
also, when i was waiting to be seated the bartender gave great service and mixed a mean cocktail for me.
It gets crazy busy like any other bar on the weekends, so don't go there on a busy night if your looking for a quiete dinner party or fine dining service.
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.
This is the local spot where we can always count on for a great brunch, a California Burger, the best fries or their carrot dressing for salads.
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.
While it can get pricey, 25$ for a lobster 3sides and a refillable drink, its tons of fun, and the food tastes great!
The waiter said they mixed it up because there were three similar things on the menu.
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.
The Food Brasserie favorites are prepared by the book: Onion soup gratinee bubbles with a thick layer of Gruyere cheese, and grilled shell steak is served medium-rare, with a side of crisp shoestring potatoes.
I asked one of the more elderly managers what we were eating and he joked that he didn't really know so he referred someone else to us who basically repeated what was written in the menu.
ASK for spice adjustments or for special orders, if you think you'll need them, BUT most dishes are GREAT as the staff prepares them.
was out of water for 1/2 the meal, salad was never delivered, waitress never came by to see how our party was doing.
Had a few appetizers; smoked duck was served cold but good flavor, tofu was good/fresh too, nothing to rave about though.
We had to ask the busboy if bread came with our meal, which it did and we received after waiting about 30 minutes.
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.
This place is the tourist fav of chinese food in the city, the service was fast, but the taste of the food is average, too much starch used in dishes, and the flavors of different dishes are very similar, can't really tell the difference.
The owner himself one time came to our table to clear our dishes when our waiter didn't show (a rare occurance, but it was late at night).
they continue to expand their garden space, w/out expanding their kitchen and cannot provide even adequate service.
We were seated fastly enough, and ordering was painless, but I got the wrong appetizer, we both received the same item instead.
Choices are standard and plentiful: omelettes and egg dishes, pancakes, bagels, muffins, croissants, mini-doughnuts, cookies, etc.
Waiters had to reach over people to deliver food.
The service was horrible- the 'manager' took my our order - did not write it down- and two of us were given the wrong apps and or entrees.
Even if their service was not top notch at all times, at least the wait staff was very accommodating and respectful.
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.
Summary good service, bad food!
It was spaced out (we had the 80pp), toro appetizer was so smooth, we had quail, numerous sushi, soup, pumpin puree and more.
Not to mention that the busboy spilled 2 glasses of water on my back and the Manager was NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.
I made reservations one week in advance and although I had to change it at the last minute, the hostess was very accommodating and we got seated promptly upstairs overlooking the Buddha.
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.
The food came out really quick and the service overall was not bad.
Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner are all great, but they are hit or miss with some of their pasta dishes.
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.
Though there are a handful of Japanese a la carte offerings on the menu, the prix fixe is most popular by far.
For dinner I had a very balanced spinach fettucine dish served piping hot with salmon, dill, in a creamy pink sauce.
We often come with a baby and the staff is so sweet and kind to her, it is a joy to be there.
Then, we discovered that not ordering guacamole for your table is tantamount to asking the wait staff to roll their eyes at you and then ignore you during your entire meal (I had to eventually go to the front of the restaurant to ask for our check).
The calamari salad was huge (but delicious)--it could be a meal unto itself.
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.
A hard-drinking, upscale crowd, holding conversations over loud Latin jazz music, packs the small, open dining room and attached bar.
I wasn't impressed by dessert - I ordered truffles w/ bisquits.
I love it at lunch time, less expensive, excellent food, awesome people-watching (Hi, Regis who is right next to our table) and really nice and airy in the summertime when they open the windows.
A hint of wasabi enlivens the shrimp; while the vegetarian, stuffed with seasonal greens, gets overwhelmed by its healthful-tasting herb dipping sauce.
had the $80 chefs tasting menu - was excellent -and we were stuffed - basically is a bit of all of their special dishes - one at a time - with sushi soup coming last.
When I asked to speak to a manager, I was sent to voicemail, and I still haven't received a callback.
By dessert, I gave up and sat there hopelessly watching as my rice pudding was snatched away half eaten, only to be replaced immediately with a hefty bill.
Don't look for sushi on the menu although there's tons of sake and it's served properly.
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.
When I pointed this out to the waiter he told me that all of the lox is like that.
But in my opinion, a great experience doesn't just pertain to food, and an evening of dining is certainly given a bad taste when the service is not up to par.
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.
We were about the leave when a nice waitress explained to us that she'd personally seat us when she witnessed the hostess' actions.
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
Be prepared to wait for your table at peak hours, even if you have a reservation.
I used to think Lombardi's served the best pizza in the city, but then I happened in on Grimaldi's en route to the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory one day.
We ordered Brushetta, a 6 on a scale of 10, I like cold tomatoes on toasted bread, they had warm tomatoes.
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.
If you've got the money and don't mind being packed in like sardines - then cozy on up to the Sushi Bar (much better than a table) and let Gari work his Omikase magic.
I had the GREATEST MEAL THAT I'VE EVER HAD at Babbo (Aside from my Grandmothers)  The food is not quite traditional Italian but then again not exactly Nouvo-cuisine.
The Food For the most part, it's solid, sometimes impressive Chinese: One can easily find better pork buns and Peking duck in Chinatown, but then you'd have to settle for dining with regular folks.
Not only is the sushi mostly stellar, you'd have to be a real bonehead to not take advantage of their cooked items.
At one point, we tried to get our waitresses attention and she ignored us and than we asked for more biscuits and never got them.
Yes, the wait is long and ridiculous as times, especially as you watch others gobble down their food.
The staff is warm and friendly, and the bartender makes an awesome drink with something called pisco.
Save room for extra sides, even though two come with each main course: The collard greens, gooey mac and cheese and ham-hocked lima beans all stoke the soul like the sound of a pedal-steel guitar.
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)
It's too loud and the cheesiest music is played throughout the meal.
The atmosphere was embracing and enticing and the costs of the meal, $45 to $55 in value.
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).
I have yet to visit for dinner, but had a lovely brunch there recently - the french toast is to DIE for.
The Food In addition to its potent, expertly made coffee drinks--beans come from upstate coffee roaster Irving Farm--71 stocks a full array of cakes, tarts, sandwiches and salads.
The $75 tasting menu features seafood which is both unusual and powerfully fresh, but the chef's appetizers which preceed it like sesame flavored tile fish with raw vegetable salad and japanese spiced flan with seafood were unbalanced and far too delicate on the palate (although the tuna tartare with avocado is a standout).
I have to say that the food at Bread TriBeCa was a major letdown.
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.
The wait staff was all hanging at the bar, lounging around.
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'
It took us 20 minutes to get a check, despite many attempts at meaningful eye contact with the wait staff.
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.
For brunch, go for the fluffy raisin challah French toast or Tex-Mex scrambled eggs with fresh tortillas and a side of crisp pork sausage.
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.
To start with - the maitre'd forgot our reservation and then when it came time to sit us down - he told us we only had an hour.
This review is based on breakfast/brunch: I called on Saturday for a table the next day (knowing it was unlikely that I'd get one) and the reservations person told me that there were no tables available.
The staff forgot my girlfriend's food altogether as she waited for half an hour.
The silvery beige decor reflects the refined air of the store as a whole.
Our plates were taken before we finished eating and our waitress sent the hostess to tell us we had to leave to make room for the next table and that we had to pay before we left.
The restaurant is loud, the tables are wooden and the service is OK.
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!
had to ask the host for the check because the waitress was sitting at another table taking their order.
NOTE: Plan ahead, make a reservation and arrive early - parking is tight in the area - valet service is available if all else fails!
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.
The front desk is disorganized (couldn't find my reservation made a week in advance); service is below-par; food is just so so; the most expected dessert turned out to be disappointed.
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.
The Ceviche was a standout, but everything was above average from the fried plantain and refried beans to the homemade guac and yellow rice.
The servers were extremely professional, especially considering the entire room needed to be served at the same time.
The food, admittedly, was tasty (we came prepared for high prices and small portions) but I could not believe that with entrees, appetizers, and wine that the servers would rush us through each course.
The ambience is simple, yet elegant and be sure to finish your meal with their famous shlog.
71 Irving's coffee is not only delicious but also consistently delicious.
The pommes frites are top-notch, and there's an impressive array of Belgian beers to pair with your meal.
The waiter was singing while taking our order- the food arrived 30 minutes later and the food was good, but the mules Frites were cold, the steak had to be returned twice-the spinach looked like it was grass from Union Square park with hunks of garlic in it-totally Unacceptable.
Half way through the meal we did not have refills on our waters, even though our waiter passed the table many times and he never stopped to check on us or to ask if we were pleased with the entrees.
but when tables began to clear up, it seemed polite to seat us comfortably in the dining area instead of having us twist our backs to talk, perched on bulky high chairs at the bar with no place to put our handbags (which the waiter happened to drop and expose contents later on).
Most laughable moment of night was when waiter offered me a free drink to make up for th 50 minute appetizer wait.
cool new cocktails, amazing apps, we were seated on Chefs Table for dinner ;) All ten of us were extremely comfortable, where the Chef came personally and we had special dishes that were pre-decided by my cousin for his party.
After waiting forty minutes for our brunch, learned that the waitress had -- oops!
i have been waiting for 15 mn ( no food menu , no cocktail menu , no one even say hi to me ).
the tables are in the back and the ambience was less to be desired.
The cooks in the front are very friendly and helpful.
waitress brought different food.
There was interesting summer dessert, a rubarb-crisp with basil ice cream.
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.
Service was inexcusably, excruciatingly slow- it took more than 30 min to get the first round of drinks, by which point our party was ready to walk out.
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left.
We got up from the bar and got pushy with the hostess and finally were seated at an excellent table.
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.
Bartender, should not be taking dinner orders on napkins.
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.
Besides their unique wood grilled kalbi or bulgoki (bbq) I'm not too fond of their traditional Korean dishes.
check it out but i cant narrow down what to order cause Ive always had v good food from pastas to fish!
If I were to spend a decent amount of cash on dinner, I'd go someplace with EXCELLENT, not just really good food.
Our dinner was enhanced by a 1999 Pinot Grigio, recmmended by the waitress.
I tried that on a Friday, told the guy otside the door that I did not have a reservation and he said, You may as well just leave now.
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.
Catch a Yankee, Mets game, have a burger and great conversation with the bar keep.
The extensive menu spans the familiar, with dishes like a tataki of superior-quality beef with an arousing ginger sauce; the rare, with freshly made tofu, its ultra-creamy texture wowing more than its flavor.
From the intricately decorated plates to the elaborate sushi dishes, it is everything a Japanese dinner should be.
Expect a crowd while waiting, but they seat quickly.
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.
I was lured in by the fact that they have soy options for almost everything that includes dairy on the menu, as well as tofu subs for eggs; It is hard to find mexican tinged food with an optional vegetarian slant.
After the rude waitress took our order we were sipping our drinks when the manager comes over and says we have to leave as the tables are reserved for dinner patrons.
Server's were extremely nice, yet were socializing too much with friends that were having drinks at the bar and it was difficult to get their attention.
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.
Fast and Fresh is also a bodega, and they have the usual offerings: cold drinks in the fridge (Corona and other beers available), bagels, sammiches and salads to order.
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.
By the end of the meal, we were shaking hands with/hugging our waiter as we stumbled/rolled out the door.
I requested the waiter to seat us at a different table, and he was like 'its the same everywhere', and walked off.
They had a great wine selection to choose from, the single mixed drinks were a little pricey.
For example, the flavor in each dish didn't really stand out and the spanish rice seemed more like uncle ben's with peas and corn mixed in.
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.
The Food Scott Ehrlich's cerebral New American food demands both close attention and a certain amount of faith; even when dishes aren't entirely successful, they manage to be compelling.
interesting back patio - curious what it would be like for lunch.
We were a party of six and I had tried almost everything that was on the table, and had I been rich I would have hired the chef to cook only for me!
the atmosphere is trendy, i think it's better to come here for a drink rather than dinner.
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.
I went there on my 2nd day in New York ever for a quick lunch and ended up staying and chatting with the owners wife and a waiter, Javi for two hours.
The main floor space is lovely, but cavernous (which means *VERY* noisy), so our server was especially patient with us since we couldn't hear each other or her half the time.
NEED Reservations in order to get past the host by the secret door and the maitre d host downstairs but No trace of snooby attitude here.
Unlike most whole in the wall Pizza places, you can taste the real Olive Oil in their pizza's.
Cheeses get short shrift by waitstaff, who all seem hurried.
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.
The orange slices signalling the end of the dinner was brought to our table even though we were still eating the main entrees.
I came to have dinner with two of my girlfriends on saturday and had an awsome time.
Aperitif was the Casablanca; it was served carelessly with ice chunks large enough to sink the Titanic.
The pretty waitstaff is always pleasant, but service is inconsistent at best.
They were seating people without reservations who were either friends of the employees or were slipping the hostess $20 to get seated without a reservation.
Knapp Street Pizza also has a variety of pizzas including: eggplant, ziti, chicken parmigiana and so on.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from.
Each entre came with a side of rice and bread (most places you have order the bread separately), dal (lentils) and fresh vegetable.
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.
Full of characters from the neighborhood, it's a fun place to meet up with friends or have a drink at the bar.
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.
50 a better meal on the go than pizza.
I had oysters for my appetizer and the Turbot with a delicate creamy lemon sauce with a hint of dill for dinner.
I checked this place out during the blizzard, and was thrilled to discover the $12 early bird price fixe (until 6:30 PM) -- appetizer, entree, dessert, and soda.
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.
Well i asked the server to describe a certain wine for me,he seemed like he knew what he was talking about,till i tasted it,it was totally the opposite of what he described.
Growling at us when we asked for water is one thing, but to just lie and make NO effort to satisfy, or apologize at these moderately high prices ($12.
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.
and they have this great deal: 6 oysters on the half shell and your choice of beer, or wine for only $7!
The waiter simply comped off our appetizer and then stayed away for the rest of the night--we waited an additional twenty minutes after we were done eating for the check!
If you are looking for service and all the frills $$$ - Il Mulino is the best for both - if you are looking for a fabulous dinner in/out - this restaurant is it!
The food is spicy like it should be not swimming in oil like it is at song down the street.
I'm sorry, but the prices at Boi are outrageous for this type of cuisine.
It was worth the wait , an hour, without a reservation, for an out of this world meal.
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.
Our waiter was apparently angry to have to be serving, because it took him 15 minutes to even bring water, let alone take a drink order (it was early on in the day and the restaurant was not even 50% full, so he was NOT busy).
Last visit, ignored by our waiter, we finally got beers and ordered food.
The entire restaurant staff was disappointing to begin with (any waiters over 17 with some knowledge of the menu or wine?
Unless you like getting bumped by waiters and people walking by, do not sit at a middle table.
Justin our waiter, explained to us that the menu changes daily, more of a reason to return.
The atmosphere and clientele often evoke the feeling of being at a friend's dinner party, where people linger over wine, and chat over small plates of food.
And who else has this great wine list to go with pizza?
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.
Dinner was very rushed - the waiter was bringing out the main course even before we had finished the appetizer.
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.
The seating arrangment isn't the most practical because people get in the way of each other a lot, but the food makes it worth it.
Perfectly cooked, el dente pasta, AMZING baked clams, cheap but great wine, friendly service, comfy and non-pretentious setting all for unseen prices for this kind of food.
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.
Affordable starters comprise most of the menu: Cheese plates with sweet-sour chutneys, spicy lamb-stuffed fried olives and plump mussels baked under saffron-herb breadcrumbs are addictive, but signature tigelle panini fixings shouldn't be missed.
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.
The waiters seemed annoyed we all ordered the restaurant week menu and were going to cut into their tips.
Before leaving the server gave us takeout menus.
Two small, unimpressive lobster tails set atop a brew of tomato based stewed root vegetables.
For an entree I should have been more adventurous, but every menu item that aroused my interest had some form of pork in it (ham, bacon, prosciutto, you name it), most of the time superfluously, I went for the Portabello sandwich.
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.
At any rate, the waiter totally forgot about us and we had to hail him down a couple of times just to get the specials and to order.
We went again and sat at the bar this time, I had 5 pints of guinness and not one buy-back, I ordered a basket of onion rings and there were about 5 in the basket, the rest was filled with crumbs, the chili was not even edible.
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.
However, everything we ate was salted to an extreme, and the steak, so regrettably, was saturated with butter.
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.
Suprising was the cheese selections that were sort of dessert as well.
My doubts were cleared immediately, the host was friendly and yes they suggest the pitcher of sangria before you look at the menu but you should take it anyway!
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.
Waiter took our drink order and then we didn't see him for 15 minutes.
For dessert the waiter reccomended his favorite which was a Torreja.
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.
Short of being invited to a Filipino home for dinner, Elvie's is the closest you'll get to tasting Filipino delights.
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.
It's so out there that it works--black-clad raver waiters and all--and even the most normal of groups love getting together for dinner and popular brunching on the palm-lined backyard patio spread.
Mind you, we had not finished drinking our Sangria (which absolutely sucked) nor eating our tapas (which took forever to arrive).
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.
The limited number of toppings prevented the sogginess described by other reviewers and allowed the intense flavors from the fresh ingredients; sauce, mozarella, basil and black olives to really shine through, without being watered down from too many extra toppings.
The lobster bisque was good, but the price of adding lobster meat was astronomical.
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.
Tip: go for lunch early, 12:00 say, when the place and street is quiet and enjoy the romantic and charming setting and delicious food.
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.
Not always consistent with cooking the steak (we wanted really rare and it was a bit more well done than that) but still fantastic with a great cut and dependable sides.
Every time I go I order the eggs benedict which comes with home fries and an alcoholic beverage.
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.
The only downside was our waitress -- she forgot to order one of our side dishes, was not attentive, and then gave us our check before we finished our bottle of wine.
We didn't have reservations, and showing up at 8:45 we were told it would be about an hour wait.
The food ranges from okay to delicious and the service varies from great to poor.
For breakfast there are a wide variety of whole grain pancakes; pumpkin is my favorite, blueberry second!
The first time we went there had been a party of 10 that was just seated and the rest of the tables were all full, so we decided to take the drinks to go.
But then there's the sluggish and absentminded service: twice someone tried to serve us something for another table and it took a long time to get our check.
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.
For the main course, he ordered the Hong Kong XO shrimp, nothing more than shrimp with brown sauce and I ordered the yellowfin tuna, which was tasteless.
Cozy atmosphere, good food and service, good place to meet friends for dinner and a drink.
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.
the staff there was really freindly the owner even sat down at one point to chat with us, it was hard to chose from the menu it all sounded good, so my wife and i shared plates to try a little of each dish , we ordered.
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.
Each appetizer was a success: lobster bisque, fried clams, scallops.
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.
We ordered the recommended dessert ahead of time as they suggested but when it came time for it, the waiter had forgotten it.
The steak, duck and soft shell crab are musts for dinner and almost every side dish was great.
It has a large salad bar, many side dishes, soups, fruits, bread, crab legs and sushi.
The Food Pizzas are Neapolitan-style--thin, made with San Marzano tomatoes in a 700-degree wood-burning oven, and loaded with Mediterranean goodies.
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.
At the end of the meal, I politely asked the waitress whether she would comp something, and she said yes.
It was Au Bar meets 'Absolutely Fabulous' meets a Versace Outlet Sale.
When we ordered our Margaritas, the waiter said $10, so we gave him a 20 and waited, and when he didn't give us our change, we asked and he said - Happy Hour's over, they're $10 each.
It is now nothing but an overpriced establishment that is shamelessly riding on the coat tails of its past.
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.
one of us still had wine, so the others tried to order dessert drinks, but the owner told us no because there were people waiting and the waiter said if he served us more he would be fired.
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.
Spring roll did not taste very fresh, soup ok but only had 2 shrimps.
Overall, reasonable food for price for Pre-fixe dinner (got salad, entree and dessert for 20 dollars a person).
The brief list of desserts includes a rich chocolate marquise and a lemony banana-cream pie.
I was accompanied by foodies, yet the waiter treated the few questions people had about the menu as if he was dealing with diners who had never eaten at a decent restaurant.
We sat way before 2 other tables ahead of us that rec'd their appetizers before us; the waiter neglected to apologize.
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.
The place is small, or at lease it felt that way b/c tables were right on top of each other.
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.
Our waitress had a French accent and her caring and knowledgeable attitude she discplayed with each table led us to beleive she was the owner.
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
We were a large party, over 6 people, and after our initial drinks, which included a couple bottles of wine, and order were taken we did not see a waiter or a busboy again for over an hour!!
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.
Never heard anything about a minimum required food order of $30 or had any bad experiences with the staff.
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.
I defy anyone to tell me where else you can cut the steak with your fork, it practically melts in your mouth- and the sides are amazing.
my personal favorite is the meat pie (which uses meat sauce instead of regular marinara sauce).
The only failing was the persian tea, that I'm used to being sweetened with honey.
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.
Avoid this restaurant on a busy night at all costs -- they have yet to learn how to make the appropriate number of reservations; the front of the house and the managers are amateurs.
When spending upwards of $200 for dinner for two, I expect better service.
MeetLESS gives you a dance club w/o the dance floor a restaurant w/ horrendous service and limited menu selections (the ONLY steak is a top sirloin?!!!)
Appetizers, such as sweet grilled scallops with butter, and mouthwatering grilled yellowtail collar, are mostly excellent, though some, like mushrooms stuffed with bland poached fish, fall flat.
You can't go wrong with this spicy sausage, better than the chicken or beef which would be much better if it were seared rather than limply fried on the skillet.
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.
I would recommend the Risotto with pear and spinach, the lasagna, and the salads.
Delicious appetizers and entrees, our server recommended a wonderful bottle of wine, and we couldn't resist dessert.
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.
So I go into the bar, and I ask the (extremely hot) waitress, what's the soup of the day?
Each week, Zutto's sushi chef never ceases to amaze me with new concoctions.
For dessert, there's sublime cheesecake.
The place was busy, but the comfortable banquets and friendly service made me not mind waiting a little extra while for my food to come out.
It might be a good place to have a drink, but not for food.
We went there on New Year's Day around 7 pm without a reservation and were able to get a table right away thanks to the very accomodating hostess.
Kid faves include grilled cheese and, quite possibly, the biggest peanut butter and jelly sandwich in New York City.
Since then, he cannot get enough of their salmon roll, and spicy tuna roll.
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.
I would love the owner to consider hosting a 'tango bar' once - twice a week.
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.
Everything from the little tastes prepared by the kitchen to the main course to dessert was outstanding and the beauty of the restaurant makes it that much nicer.
Our waitress was so helpful with the wine list.
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.
Staff wouldn't take no for an answer on pitchers of sangria.
They brought fresh naan to the table as well as a kind of crepe filled with potatoes that was cooked on a griddle set up by the window.
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.
Make a reservation, and if possible grab a seat outside, even on cool days the heat torches work great.
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.
It is a small restaurant so without reservations, there can be a long wait.
Even if you hate beets, try the beet ravioli- you will not be disappointed!
For roughly $10-12 one can get themselves a healthy burger decked with toppings, fries, and a drink, a meal that makes the neighboring fast food places look inferior.
Po has the best food in NY, if you don't mind a wait.
I'm not a drinker, and I find that the waiters usually blow us off and ignore us once we don't spend a lot of money ordering wine, and the water takes a while to get re-filled, but the food is good enough that we return.
No condiments on table or offered, service average, smokey upon arrival as the kitchen is fully exposed and the space very tight.
After finishing your meal, you can drop by their natural food market next door for organic all natural grocery.
The waiters didn't clean it up until they brought our dessert.
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.
Went with three people last saturday night - half way through our entrees we tried to order a second bottle of wine - both the hostess and waitress told us no, cause, ehh, the place is very crowded this night guys.
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.
The regular entrees and desserts here are excellent, with truly unusual sides and garnishes that make for brilliant flavor combinations with the central meat or fish.
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.
Hostess finally brought it, saying if we wanted dessert, we could move to another table.
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.
We waited forever for our orders, our drinks came out AFTER our food, we never got refills on water, we had to ask like three times for extra dressing, and our waiter was rude.
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.
From the opera playing in the background, to Emilio, the owner wishing everyone a good meal, this should be the highest rated Italian restaurant in the city.
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.
After our initial order, the waitress wasn't very attentive (we had to wait 15 minutes at a time to get her attention to refill drinks, order desert, etc).
Main courses include a list of housemade pastas, a daily risotto special (if you're lucky, you'll arrive on wild mushroom day), plus a handful of fish and meat dishes.
our waitress (who was ok) disappeared in the middle of our dinner, leaving us to an obnoxious amateur (must answer the phones or something) who could not answer our questions and treated us extremely rudely.
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.
I mean Pho Viet Huong is at a good location, but face it, the broth is cloudy and oily -they're supposed to constantly dump the top layer off of the Pho broth, service is ran with attitude who cares about you, I have plenty of other customers to make money off of.
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.
Before I went to Nobu for a Restaurant Week lunch, I was told not to order the sushi -- not because it wasn't excellent, but because 1) it's harder for a relatively untrained palate to appreciate the difference between good and excellen sushi than to savor a really well-prepared seafood entree and 2) the servings of sushi are small.
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.
Or belly up to the beef belly soup, made with wide chow fun noodles and a thick, beefy broth.
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.
The Food Palm dry ages its steaks--as opposed to vacuum packing--and the result is evident.
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.
We get treated very well and before we sit down to our steaks and fried green tomatoes that we love there - we have a few beers at the bar.
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.
We saw problems with our waitress immediately when she frowned when we opted for tap water instead of bottled.
The Scene Honeycomb-colored walls, random wall art, a peek into the kitchen from paper-topped tables--all combine for a casual, thrown-together ambience.
02 one can have salad, great steak, and cheesecake or chocolate mousse, plus friendly service.
When my family and I visited, we were hearded in and out of the restaurant like cattle; not once did our waiter ask how are meal was, and the waitress mixed up our steaks.
Any of their desserts are the perfect finish to a picnic lunch in the park or a Romantic Dinner at home.
The service was terrible- our waiter was unable to make any recommendations, mumbled the special and failed to check back during the course of our meal.
I, on the other hand, thought my fish cake, chicken and veggie hot soba entree was average, and there were less noodles in the soup than I expected.
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.
SO I ASKED, TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE OWNER WHO MANAGES THE PLACE CAME TO MY TABLE, TOLD ME THAT THE CEVICHE WAS FRESH.
When we got there, the wait was just as everyone here has described, Domenico's process was just as described, but the pizza?
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.
For an entree, I tried the Ravioli, cooked to perfection and stuffed with eggplant, ricotta, and chicken and served in an suculent sage butter sauce.
We are 30 plus year olds, very gainfully employed, were not being loud or obnoxious, there were other diners around us as well as a bunch of people at the bar and nobody seemed to have a problem with us except for this manager.
You'll have to wait for a long time if you're not in with the management or Fernando, but it's worth it, have some campari and cinzano at the bar!
The sauce is filled with spices, including fresh garlic and basil.
The waiter got aggravated when we explained how we wanted our entrees prepared.
What I thought was a rip off was, when we were ordering, the waiter told us there was a minimum of food we can purchase.
Service only so-so -- I saw a lot of wait staff standing around, and at the busiest moment, I watched waiter stroll through the dining room with two plates as if he had all the time in the world.
My Moon spent all their money on an architect/interior designer and forgot about the chef.
Now, I expressed my surprise and then the bartender and manager chimed in with a simpleton's remark sir, with restaurants at this time, reservations start coming in.
Their mixed drinks weren't so good, but they have nice selection of wines.
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.
The food was good but took long and the drinks she recommended to us were too strong.
be prepared for a long wait at dinner.
My friend and I went out for a cigarette, and when we returned, our table had been given to another party- even though our drinks and unpaid bill were still on the table.
finally they wanted to take our app order before taking our wine order, seemed like the waiter couldnt handle it all at once.
The food, service, and atmosphere are all pretty good, but a little pricy, coming to about 40$ a person if you order 1 drink and 1 appetizer each.
But the best offerings are the a la carte grilled items, such as the chicken with scallion skewers and asparagus with bacon rolls.
The portions for the entrees did make up for it.
the prices are right and i strongly recommend this place for any time of day: early breakfast or late night snack.
Well, once again I was unable to finish the paella and ended up taking it home ( I filled up on delicious fried brie and duck)- Meow Meow.
Dishes feature intriguing names, and interesting combinations of fresh ingredients.
For spending over $100 per person for dinner, i would think that the waiter would put my plate of food down for me instead of handing me my dish.
The good service started from the moment we walked in the front door.
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.
The waiter was pleasant and I thought how bad could someone screw up basic Italian food?
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.
Food was good (get a crepe or steak!)
When I had my dinner, the appetizers were flawless (try the carciofi and the polpettini), the entree was succulent (and fun having the branzino fileted at the table), and the tiramisu.
Hostess continued to ask us if everything was okay, and then did nothing when we gave her specific actions (how about some water or coffee served in paper cups).
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.
I'm a chef (30 years), and I can honestly say that I've finally found Italian food worth eating at a reasonable price.
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
I had high hopes for this high-ranked wonder, only to be let down by inattentive service doubled by LONG food and drink wait times.
Some of the food is the Italian American red-sauce variety - fine if you're stuck in the past, but, there are also a number of very good, far more authentic Italian items at most reasonable prices.
After we finished our salad our waitress told us that they had run out of roast lamb and pastitichio.
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.
The manager came personally to apologize and to my surprise, he brought me the drink, a big chocolate chip cookie, and a bag of chips!!!
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!
The only problem we had was with an incompetent waitress and floor manager which slowed down our food and seating.
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.
The Patroon burger--Angus beef topped with a roasted tomato--is simple, yet able to stand on its own against any fully loaded competitor.
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.
The chefs and staff are welcoming and happy to make substitutions or tune the spice up or down to your requests.
Service was at best distracted, at worst disdainful, even though we came early with a reservation and are not food novices.
as written below, the drinks were watered down, and they didn't have the ginger martini available nor all of the wine list.
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.
Since we already have our drinks there is no choice, so we are forced to pay full price.
I think the person who says it has a wierd taste must have had very bad luck because I think this is the most authentic thai I've had in NYC (and I'm comparing it to food in Thailand).
If the staff actually got it together and showed some customer service this place would be good.
The food was not good at all, starting with the green salad, and the entrees (garlic chicken, chicken extreme) were chicken doused in oily sauce.
Waitress forgot drinks, and watched us begin our dinner without even water, strange.
After paying for our meal, we left some feedback with the manager (a chap named J.
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.
Someone should tell these people that high prices on the menu does not make your restaurant better.
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.
When we were finally seated about half an hour after my reservation, the waitress took her time taking our order.
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.
(and don't miss the olive oil when dining in - not sure what they put in it, but it is de-licious!
I ordered dessert and it was they gave me the wrong flavor of ice cream.
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.
Meaning, I ordered Lobster Tails as an entree (The Tails were delicious) and along with my Tails came Spinach with beans and fried potatoes that were close to potato steak fries.
I was surprise with the Champagne toast from the concierge who booked our dinner.
My girlfriend asked the bartender what kind of wine they had and since she couldn't hear she leaned on the bar to get closer to him and he made a face and told her not to get near him.
The rice that we were served for dinner was dry and hard, obviously left over from lunch.
the food was excellent, although they didn't have any dishes with meat, and the soy replacements definitely were not a replacement for meat.
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.
The margaritas were mediocre, but it did not make up for the muzak they played in the resturant nor the bad food and drink they served.
The atmosphere was wonderful, however the service and food were not.
I had a tasty Caesar salad for an appetizer and ordered the 10 oz Fillet Mignon medium rare.
Bartenders look like model wannabes and threw out my friend's beer before he was finished (about 1/4 left).
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.
When it came time to get the check, they couldn't seem to determine which of the servers had it.
I though it was impossible to get such appetizers as a seafood salad or a seafood soup for about $3, but the taste and portions won't let you have any doubts.
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.
The place has a sort of trendy pseudo-asian decor that seems perfectly casual or romantic.
The staff was great - and all guests are seated by the owners.
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.
This place is so very nearly achieving, but in the mean time, my advice - eat early elsewhere, then take your seat, order a bottle of wine and enjoy the performance and the ambience.
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.
When the manager came over, he accused my friend of offending the chef and continued to argue with her about the dish.
For around $50 per person for brunch, it was a great value and the food really was fantastic.
After waiting more than 15 minutes for our order to be taken and then having the waitress not know how to make certain drinks, our party of 7 was obviously dissatisified.
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.
The waitress/hostess seemed a bit sad when we told her we weren't ordering dessert (those arepas are deceptively filling!
The food was ok, good bread.
I am a martini guy - vodka, not gin - and their classic martini with blue cheese olives is pretty damn near definitive.
While I would agree with the initial review that Asia de Cuba isn't really Asian or Cuban in its decor, the food was a nice fusion.
In fact, you can't really say you've arrived in this town until you've scored a table here and made the pilgrimage to east Harlem for luscious pastas and chicken in vinegar and lemon.
The waitstaff was helpful but watch out, after you pay your hefty bill managment will ask you to leave if they think you've lingered too long.
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.
We made reservations for 6pm on Friday and it was not necessary BUT the place got packed really quick around 7-8pm.
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!
Highly suggest you sit at the bar for added atmosphere and generally friendly people.
As a lover of everything humus and cucumber, there is no other restaurant in the city that compares to Mogador's appetizers.
A great coal fired crust provides a backyard BBQ taste.
Although the food was great, the service was so bad that I can't see myself ever returning.
Tried to get a table during restaurant week but there was an over an hour wait.
The fresh mozzerella appetizer had to be the runniest mozz I have ever had, and the accompanying tomato was so over-salted I could barely eat it.
The cultured wait staff were accommodating and helped explain and pronounce the items off the menu.
A cocky, arrogant and shockingly condescending manager (all of 22 years-old) then told us we should leave the restaurant if we wouldn't move to the bar.
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!
When I complained regarding the poor tiramisu, the waitress made a flip comment regarding the fact that I shouldn't order an italian dessert in an irish restaurant.
We held a birthday dinner for my friend and were very impressed w/ both food and service.
My favorite dishes all involved squash of some kind, which i would not expect to love.
The restaurant appears clean and the food was fine until my dining partner discovered pieces of chicken about half way through her vegetarian dish.
The waitresses and the diners have to scream at one another to give an order.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
This Raku provided fresh and sumptuous sushi, sashimi, and deliciously prepared cooked entrees, which did much to alleviate my jitters about fishing (or dining, as it were) in unfamiliar waters.
When we sat, our waiter came over immediately and recommended the snapper and the pho-- some of the tastiest I've had, and I went to Tu Lan 3x a week in San Francisco.
Had an OK dinner that was made better by the attention the owners pay to the patrons.
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.
Unfortunately, the food is awful, the staff really doesnt care about you, and the frozen hot chocolate is just a chocolate milkshake (it wasnt all that great) I went before lunch on a Thursday and it took me 2 hours to get in.
There might be a wait for brunch or even for dinner, but the quality of the food is always worth the wait.
The service, which was horrendous - they charged us for two appetizers when we asked to split one (when we brought it up, he insisted that the appetizer really did only consist of 2 sliced tomatoes and 1 slice of cheese).
It was a crowded Wednesday night but we were seated near the kitchen right away, talked to all of the staff who were friendly and made the evening special for my date and I.
The $9 glass of wine which the waitress called good was like grape juice with alcohol and no sugar.
The waitresses are at your table filling your water or oil before your last sip or dip.
I managed to get the last reservation at 11:15pm during the week, and, upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were seated next to each other, hardly a romantic atmosphere!
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.
Personally, I like my food fresh, so you just have to tell the waiter that you would like to order by ear.
I and 3 friends went there last night for dinner and loved the food, which I have to say was uniformly outstanding and some of the best I've had for under a zillion dollars in a long time.
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.
The mint love letters and spaghettini primi we ordered as entrees were perfection.
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.
No doubt, the lobster bisque will knock your socks off, but you'd be cheating yourself if you didn't try some of the other options, specifically the sausage gumbo and the veal ghoulash really lit my fire.
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.
I have worked in the restaurant industry for 5 years, and so am understanding of things out of my server's control, and I have never experienced such poor service!
I had one of the worst service experiences in memory having the prix fix brunch there--waving arms, calling, asking two or three times for everything from coffee to the check.
I love deviled eggs, a BBQ staple - but I'll be damned if serving two eggs (four VERY small halves) qualifies as an appetizer.
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, but when we tasted the chicken and the pork tenderloin.
Our waiter fast to get our drinks, aptz, and orders.
And don't forget to try the Korean rice wine to go with your dinner (Sansachun is one of my favorite).
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.
The salmon carpaccio was just bland lox over a bed of unseasoned spinich, the NY strip steak was not a good cut of meat, the fish special, snapper, was tough and flavorless, and the key lime pie for dessert tasted like it was from a supermarket.
Appetizers were OK, steak was not as good as what I would have prepared at home on the grill.
I've been a few times for dinner and dessert and the food is always old-tasting and bland.
words can't even describe how delicious that dessert was post a bottle of wine and pesto ravioli.
Forget what it was called, but it had some kind of onion puree on top that ROCKED and the steak was a grass-fed organic type and very tender.
For example, the last time I was there the bartender seemed visibly irritated that I would ask him for a drink instead of the waitress.
We waited half an hour just to get menus, and watched another table of 10 people leave because they had been ignored by the (single) waiter.
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.
It is the only all Austrian wine list in the country and the waitress gladly broke it down for me, so I could find just the right wine for my meal.
but no reservations makes for a very long wait, usually of an hour.
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!
dining with my mother this past Saturday must have signaled to the wait staff that I wasn't cool enough to merit their attention.
The wait for brunch is kinda long (what can you say?
The seafood sausage is ok, but the rest of the appetizers outshine them.
The waiter handed us menus consisting of about 7 entrees, and after telling us the specials, informed us that there was no chicken.
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.
best chicken in queens.
The ambience is extremely romantic, even if you get seated upstairs.
Just be sensible, if the wait is 45 minutes or longer--just have sushi there some other time, and eat something else that night.
I don't know why people complain about the service - our waiter brought our drinks and food out promptly.
My dining companion had a steak with so much fat on it that he had to send back it.
the 3rd however, the waiter forgot to put in our order for food and we ended up waiting an hour for them (b/c they were really busy).
I have been a waiter for many years and I can tell you that if bad service is given you at least apologize to the costumer.
Waited an hour for the food to come out, couldnt even find the waitress.
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.
The decor is nothing great to speak of, but who cares - the food is top notch.
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.
I forget the name of the dish but anyone going here must get the shrimp cooked in molases and rum.
My wife and I invited our friends to a late dinner and were having drinks afterwards when the manager instructed the waitress not to serve us any more drinks as it was bottle service.
Wait staff started swarming around us as if we just ordered cokes throughout lunch.
I read the high reviews for Lombardi's and John's, and disliked the pizza I got at both places, so Grimaldi's was my last try at finding the perfect pie in NYC.
When I questioned the purpose of waiting on this line, I was asked to leave the bar.
This is definately a place to go for drinks and then get dinner somewhere else!
Our server, Ben, was perhaps the best waiter I've ever had--he walked us through the menu to design our meal, and suggested what textures, tastes, and wines would complement each other.
In the hour we waited for our food we had to remind our mentally challenged waitress 3times to bring our chipssalsa.
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.
I met a client here and wasn't expecting much but after the lunch was over, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the meal and the price point.
Good date place too, if the date isn't prissy about food (I'll marry the woman who splits the grilled sardines with me).
The menu is short and sweet: hamburgers, cheeseburgers and double cheeseburgers, with all-beef patties steam-grilled on a pile of onions and served on square white buns with pickles.
We also tried grilled chicken (not bad), fried whiting (fried too long, very greasy), taramasolata (too salty), chicken rice soup (oily mess), and an OK Greek salad.
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?
I went recently for brunch and will never go back - my glass of wine was vinegary and obviously old, my food gummy and disgusting, and the service totally ditzy.
Food was served very promptly, but our wait for drinks was surprisingly long.
I politely told our waitress about this and she was not only apologetic, but the manager came over a minute later and apologized and bought myself and my guest another round of drinks.
Nothing wrong with the service, either, but don't we all want something more from a dining experience than just average for above-average prices?
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.
In Short At this Upper East Side bar and restaurant, it's both the dinner and drinks that reel in the well-heeled clientele.
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.
About the wait - be prepared to - it isn't just anyplace offering top notch cuisine for about $25 all in.
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).
At $16 a burger and $26 for a lobster roll, the food is definitely expensive.
The freshness of the ingredients down to the perfection of the crust, it is truly the best.
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.
Roof: very nice space (although I know 5 other rooftop bars just as good), but the crowd was a bunch of posers and the owner was a tool.
The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.
Good value for breakfast.
The waitress waited until I went to the bathroom to ask my friend to order more food.
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.
We ordered two appetizers and two entrees and were absolutely stuffed, we couldn't even finish our meals.
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.
I would recommend this place as a great introduction to someone who has never tried indian food as they give you tiny appetizer like portions of a myriad of items(that they keep bringing you more of), so if you aren't crazy about an item it's not a big deal b/c there are a ton of other dishes to try.
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!
Accompaning fish or meat are some hefty side dishes such as white rice, black beans, yucca, radish, tomato, and green pepper salad, or plaintains cooked a variety of different ways.
It was somewhere between our waiter not knowing what sushi came as part of the tasting platter and the copious amounts of wine that he spilt while trying to pour me a taste that I realized.
My friend was a vegetarian and the staff went out of their way to provide her with a special entree.
The waitress came three times: to take our order, to bring the order, and to bring the check.
The second time we went the waiter didn't put in our pizza order!
The restaurant didn't mind me sitting on their doorstep to the extent that the bartender invited me in for a drink.
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.
Entrees are right around $10, with fried rice and noodles being a little cheaper.
The server was condescending and was unable to provide assistance with menu selections.
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.
17 for a small cup of tea.
After a waiter spilled a soda on me, without cleaning it up, offering me a napkin, or apologizing, I tried to send back my awful friench fries.
He let us be seated, but told the hostess to make sure we didn't get menus until it was our arrival time.
Hostess was extremely accommodating when we arrived an hour early for our reservation.
Furthermore, while the fish is unquestionably fresh, rolls tend to be inexplicably bland.
Wide range of dim sum and food.
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.
I went anyway and was greeted by the rude owner who practicly ripped our outside drink from our hands (although we were trying to throw it out anyway.
Since I listened closely, I know they were a party of 2 without any reservation The manager then offered to seat us but we left.
In summary: a terribly obnoxious and impolite host, a long and cramped wait for a table (complete with a mediocre bartender and drinks), more bad host, a calamari appetizer that may have actually been a joke, an hour's wait for our entrees, and tough chop-away-at-it veal.
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!
Always a treat, the butter chicken, palak paneer, and goat curries are sensational, while the tandoori, samosas, and chana aloo are a bit dry.
For entrees the suckling pig is a ho-hum pile of pulled pork and the fish-of-the-day was merely good.
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.
the first was dinner opening week some time ago - not a good piece of sushi to be had, the robata was so so and nothing was remotely memorable.
we had to wait at the bar for a table, but the atmosphere is bustling and is well worth it.
Took 20 minutes and three requests to the waitress to get a drink, and then my steak came opposite to how I ordered it--twice!
As if the 2 hour wait wasn't bad enough, the host/manager was so busy flirting with attractive female customers, he didn't seem to notice we had been sitting at the bar and we ended up missing his call.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.
While being shown to our table by a hostess, we were welcomed by Lidia Bastianich herself and seated at a great table in the dining room -- not too secluded, but not noisy.
this is the style of cooking that takes normal dishes to new highs.
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!
The fact that the resteraunt staff couldn't even keep a reservation straight, not to mention that after screwing up, they told us to go scratch and made us wait almost 2 hours.
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.
While dining, none of us were impressed with the food.
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.
Our server lamely offered a free after-dinner drink to make up for it after he failed to even ask how the food was once it was served.
Even if you're just a middling junior exec, staff service makes you feel like a board member.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
my sister asked for iced tea twice and the waitress said they didn't have.
The service could be better but the management (Mariano) is quite helpful if there are any problems.
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.
We enjoyed the Raw Bar Special which was choice of 6 raw oysters or clams and a drink (house wine: red or white, or a beer) for only $8.
Twister shrimp - too salty and nothing spectacular; Mango sorbet - so flavorful and rich, it tasted like ice cream!
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).
better for dining with friends/significant others.
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.
Our waiter (the one with the Spanish accent) was a bit pre-occupied with other things- hardly coming around to the table and nowhere to be seen most of the time.
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.
And toppings are not the best way to go here, and if you do, choose wisely -- it is a very thin crust that can't support much more than the fine sauce and sublime cheese it already has.
The salsa always tastes like V8 with onion pieces.
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.
Expect to be cramped and you may have to wait a little for your food, but the service is really friendly and helpful.
The waitress told me that their dessert chef was trained in Sicily.
Each course was accompanied by a new wine.
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.
It was there that we ordered dinner by starting out with the foie gras mousse which was a wonderful a reccomendation by the waiter.
We had a late 9:30 pm reservation; when we arrived and went to be seated, there was some type of discrepancy since the hostess was missing in action.
Service was bad enough that we decided to head out after the first round of drinks.
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.
When asked to compare between two dishes, the server said whatever you like.
The bar tender didn't know where the tea was, waiters started making the drinks if the bar tender wasn't around.
i had a horrible experience with a waiter while trying to have breakfast friday morning.
I have been surrounded with Indian food my entire life, and my lunch time experience at Devi was absolute bliss.
tender grilled calamari, shrimp with spinach in puff pastry, delicious fried brie.
I always get cantonese wonton noodle soup here, but the chicken is also almost always good.
Get the bacon (best ever, hands down) and shrimp cocktail to start and steak for how many ever to finish.
The waiters can shoot off a 5 minute long list of specials, and they know the menu very well.
Another hostess came by and told us that since we were now 5 we were a different table and couldnt' stay.
They cook the cheese so that it turns a nice brown color and it is absolutely the best pizza I've ever had in New York.
The staff is constantly disappearing from the restaurant, making it impossible to get drink refills or to get the check.
Reservations for parties under 5 people isn't allowed but their yummy cocktails and handsome waiters help soothe the pain.
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.
I had fried chicken of which KFC runs circles around, and the fries were a knock off of poor burger king spuds.
The menu of upscale American fare is somewhat intimidating as there are almost too many choices, but our wonderful waiter Eric came to the rescue suggesting and describing specials as if he had just polished off dinner himself.
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm.
We were not offered the dessert menu and that waiter was so rude!~ I was very offended after a good meal.
The manager sent us a complimentary glass of wine for the steak not being cooked like he wanted.
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.
The entrees tasted like microwaveable meals, the appetizers were ordinary, the sauces seemed like they came from a bottle, and the dessert was worse than packaged food.
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.
If the waitress had been remotely available or had come by to enquire about our food, I certainly would have sent it back, but since I was being taken out for a birthday dinner I did not want to make a fuss.
Food tasted good (for the most part), but it is customary to ask people how they would like their steak done (all 5 of ours were RAW.
The pot pie, pork chop and chicken were cleaned off the plates so well they didn't need washing.
our dinner was marred by painfully slow service.
Drinks are overpriced; wine list is good.
I was interrupted by the waiter to say that when we are done with dinner he'd bring one.
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.
There was only one server on duty and we waited a while for menus.
The food was so not Shanghai, but apparently those in the crowded dining room and waiting for tables wouldn't know the difference.
Great place to meet friends or co workers for drinks, dinner or both.
After waiting to get a table for over a half hour even though we had reservations, we went up to the host.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Went to dinner with friends, food was good, but the waitress was snippy, gave several exasperated sighs, kept pushing us to order more wine - on a sunday night - and now I realize that she added an eztra 20% to my debit charge.
The two cons were the lack of information on the menus (they had just sushi roll names, with no description of their contents, printed in a bland format), and music selection, which didn't fit the ambiance.
I go in for lunch whenever I can and have the thinnest sliced pastrami, along with fresh cut home-made potato chips.
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.
Great decor, expensive drinks but worth the price, but the music is bland and the crowd is very cheezy.
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.
Friendly service, and outdoor seating in the warm months, eases the crush.
We asked for the check and had to wait 20mins for the waitress to come back and take our card.
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.
Crowds do come on weekends, so be sure to make reservations.
When I really need good pizza I fly in From Arizona for a few pies, go to friends house , freeze them and fly home.
Conversation went like this: waiter: presented the steak and said 'Meduim well'
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
However, the food, once you get over the price, was very good.
she never once checked on us after serving our drinks, we asked another waitress about our sandwiches, she attempted to check on them but didn't really get an answer.
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.
: after ordering a bottle of wine (which was originally, inexplicably mistaken for 2 glasses of it), the (2) waitresses in charge of the outdoor space claimed that the bottle was right there in the only cooler used to service about 10 tables.
We were coldly greeted by a hostess and wait staff who, in spite of our reservation, did not want to seat any of us, including the elderly, until our entire party had arrived.
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.
I was expecting an average meal and was really pleased to get an awesome dinner - and it was pretty cheap too.
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.
We heard two different servers telling tables about these specials, and when we asked to hear them, they wouldn't tell us them.
Up front, a large bay window provides a basement view of the neighborhood; at the rear, the tiny open kitchen serves up a limited variety of dishes: fish and chips, Thai chicken and hamburgers with caramelized onions all co-exist without any concerns about culinary common ground.
The Food  Kolonaki serves up everything from a European tuna sandwich (made with tuna, lemon juice, capers, parsley, onions, carrots, olive oil and basil) to scrumptious specialty desserts.
I went for the wine tasting dinner.
The decor is a little plain and the seating is a touch too close but its worth it for the food.
Food took over an hour despite at least two chasers, we had to track the server down to get extra drinks, the manager seemed to try and deliberately mislead us about the reason behind the delay and in the end the food was poor.
Bartender made a bad drink for me and I sent it back and was charged for it.
as appetizers, we ordered the zucchini flowers (rich savory) escargot-topped mushroom caps (mediocre).
When I look at the menu I was surprised at the relatively high price compared with other korean restaurants.
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.
their Stella on tap was almost flat, i saw the bartender whisking our beers to give them any sort of head.
The restaurant is small so ask for seating in the front upstairs (the back, where we were sitting was incredibly hot) or on the first floor.
The waiter could not have been more patient with us as we (okay, my wife) made her decision on appetizers.
Went with my father without a reservation, and the maitre d' was very nice and sat us within 15 minutes of our arrival - we had been told that the wait would be an hour (this may be unusual).
All of us enjoyed our meal, and for the price (~$185, w/ taxtip, 2 bottles of wine, 1 appetizer each, plus entrees) it was pretty impressive.
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.
The hostess finally seated us at a table for two when there were three of us in an empty restaurant.
Once dinner ended the party really started going inside they were playing great music.
The Food There's more here than top-quality sushi and sashimi, like sugar-coated foie gras with cashews and balsamic ginger sauce.
Seated in the upstairs part of the restaurant my party and I were subjected to rude, abrupt service and unmercifully long waits for our food.
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.
While we enjoyed the appetizers (kobe beef quesadillas and a mix of fries) the burgers themselves were not nearly as good.
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.
Instead, the chef made me a special creation off the menu, and wow.
Management or one of the many busboys should have been monitoring the tables more closely to ensure consistency - we had to ask for olive oil for the flatbread, when it was on nearly every other table as well as salt and pepper.
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.
An order of roast chicken is nicely crisped and moist, although the potato cubes alongside are limp.
from the hostess to the bartender to the waiter (who told us that we had to leave because the tables needed to be turned around more quickly even though it was a friends engagement dinner).
A friend asked for cheese on her pasta and the waitstaff, including the manager, REFUSED to give it to her.
After waiting over a month for weekend reservations, I would of rather gone to IL Baggato.
Paul's frozen seafood and the other cuts of meat were disappointing, with the only acceptable appetizers being the corn chowder and the gravlax.
My g/f and I walked in one night, the owner greeted us at the door and took our coats, sat us in the back room (non-smoking at the time).
The Scene A dark refurbished dining car hosts plenty of hipsters in carefully selected thrift-store clothing.
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.
We did not get asked how I meal was nor did we get to our refill on waters until pretty much after the steak was finished.
If you're looking for nonstop attention, a 20 page wine list and a waiter who puts your napkin on your lap, this is not the place to go.
I recently attended a celebratory dinner here and I just want to warn everyone that the service is the worst I have ever experienced!
I had sage-and-prosciutto-wrapped veal tenderloin; my companion had duck with delightful cranberry relish; both served with carefully complementing, delicious sides.
I must say I enjoyed their soup dumplings more than Joe's,but the other dishes were disappointing.
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.
First had a cheese platter at the bar and then enjoyed a nice dinner with friends.
The food is always good, and you get a lot for your money (the entrees, which are about $7-$8, come with the main selection plus two small sides, such as some veggies and two spring rolls).
As for the sides, the grits were more like soupy cheese sauce; the greens were okay.
There was a fire crackling in the dining room, the bar was a finished copper, the stools were leather, and the lighting wasn't dim nor bright, but just.
After we waited nearly 25 minutes for our food (the place wasnt crowded), our waiter forgot some of our order and brought out a salad when we asked for everything to come out all at once.
Within 3 minutes after we sat the waiter was hovering over us to get our food order.
To be honest, it cost $95 for two adults and a kid (including only two beers for the adults), and the only things worth eating were the raw oysters, information about which the staff was not too sure.
The service was good, if a little slow, and the place was very crowded (which can be comforting, but on a date it may be hard with the constant noise).
Intrigued by the ambience of the restaurant, some friends and I decided to have dinner at Paladar on Saturday night.
For an appetizer try the chicken raviolis, and for dinner try the beef briolle.
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.
7A is open 24/7 and is great for lunch, brunch or a late night visit after partying all night.
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.
This restaurant has taken the trend of serving tiny portions on oversized plates to a new level.
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.
I had dinner with 5 friends at Blue Smoke last night and was totally impressed with the way the food has developed.
Came here with a date and immediately liked the room and nice bar scene even though we had a bit of a wait despite a reservation.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
The waitress conveniently added in her tip into our bill, charged $10 for each margarita.
Our waitress left halfway through dinner, without explanation, and was replaced by another waiter.
The food was good but nothing to write home about - the rack of lamb was a bit too fatty.
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.
The only thing better than the pizza (if possible), are the meatball and the eggplant parm heros.
Although it lacks the patina of places like Peter Luger's and Sparks, it still has a steakhouse's telltale wood paneling, chalkboard specials and decorative wine bottles.
The menu is an exact replica of its sister location in New Mexico - right down to the Frito Pie (don't knock it till you've tried) and a killer array of margaritas.
The osso buco is to die for and my favorite appetizer was the artichoke served on bed of frisee with a warm poached egg topped with parmesan cheese.
If coming to Tea and Anthipathy (yea u heard me) during conventional dining hours, expect a good long wait on the curb till tables open up.
For entree selections we had the chicken cacciatore, head on shrimp (in a honey glaze) spectacular, mozzarella en carozza (a little bit on the fishy side due to the anchovies) and the sliced italian meats, sapprosota to die for.
But what would have been a pleasant experience was spoiled by the attitude and actions of the wait staff and the management.
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.
I got a full 1/2 chicken, 4 ribs and a decent sized pile of brisket and pulled pork with a corn muffin filled with actual corn.
If you would like to charge us 5 dollars for service that would be fine, though comming from a restaurant where we buy a dessert for a bithday I thinks it's a bit cheap.
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.
However the manager, who refused to come to our table to discuss it, said we were wrong (through the poor waitress) and would not replace our bottle.
Our server seemed to be new because he continually had to go back to the kitchen to check on menu items.
Thought we were going to have a winner from the pleasant person on the other side of the phone when I called for our reservation.
The matre de ignored what I said about my girlfriend having to look for a waiter to refill her glass (twice), I mentioned about my rice, he said, You should have spoken up.
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.
I've eaten here a couple times and the food is always good (jerk chix wings, fried chicken, meat loaf, etc) but the service is terrible.
the service was horrible then and the food was decent.
We were put on the wait list, seated in 15 min after a quick drink at the bar and had an incredibly entertaining waiter and dined next to a few regulars who raved.
As host of the party with a full guestlisted group, I still had to wait online for 20 minutes before anyone from the staff would even look in my direction.
went for dinner with two friends and all of us were raving about our meals--the best steak i've had in a long time, and the duck and salmon were also delicious.
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.
The service was spotty as a couple of drink orders were forgotten and the waiter didn't really come to check on us.
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.
The recipe uses shrimp with shell since they preserve the juice much better and it just made me remember my childhood at the beach in Acapulco.
Build your own pie--add toppings to either Ultimate Deep Dish, Crunchy Thin Crust or Classic Hand Tossed styles--or select a Feast Pizza, like the MeatZZa Feast, topped with pepperoni, ham, beef and Italian sausage.
Luckily, I made reservations for our group or else it would have been a long wait.
Came recommended to us, but we found the food to be so-so, the service good, but we were told we could not order desert since the table we were at had a reservation waiting.
We didn't order-the waiter just kept piling the food in front of us.
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.
For dinner we decided to take our servers advice and order several items to share.
Then the menu is all in Italian well I don't speak Italian so it took forever for the waitress to translate.
The food is decent, too commercialized Italian food, and very verylarge portions, which ca end up being very expensive if you are not up for sharing and ordering wisely.
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.
All of the dishes we had were very good, but the fries were a little on the salty side, which we actually didn't mind.
The food was phenomenal- brought me back to Tuscany with that olive oil.
Amazingly tasty cheese drenched in oil and soft yet crisp perfect dough, who could ask for more?
Risotto's, Sushi Tuna, wasabi aioli, Steak Frite, and the Best weekend Brunch in Queens.
I ordered the flounder special - the fish was fresh but the dish lacked flavor.
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)
The waiter told us that he had checked with the kitchen because he noticed that we had not gotten our dinners and they said it would be out shortly, shouldn't someone have said something to us?
Our waiter was confused and forgot an additional soda when we asked for it.
We were left to choose between boring salmon and chicken entres or a duck substitution.
Just expect to wait a good twenty minutes before they take your order (even when the restaurant is half empty), you'll have to ask at least 5 waiters and a manager for coffee before they bring it to you and when they bring your orders out wrong, expect the manager to side with the chef and not you.
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!
The calamari salad was great while the lamb ribs were fat, fattier and fattiest.
In my opinion, the bar is not very well laid out, its narrow design makes it hard to meet a group for drinks.
Our waiter was completely unfamiliar with the menu and did not bother to tell us that they were out of several items (even though we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday night!)
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.
You get three courses for $20 at lunch and the amount of food is more than enough for anyone to leave feeling fully satisfied.
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.
the wait staff looks like were doing us a favor giving us service and two loud guys at the bar made my evening with my wife quiet miserable.
The tables were too close together, the food wasn't impressive, and the service was often times completely missing - waiting 45 minutes between ending dinner and being asked about dessert is not what a restaurant of this caliber should be all about.
unbeknownst to the three of us, the hostess made note of the fact that i was celebrating my b-day after a member of my dinner party made a very brief reference to it as we were seated.
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.
Clams, shrimp, mussels, scungilli, and calamari served together in a spicy red sauce atop linguine are full of flavor; steak pizzaiola, a heroic portion of tender beef in a pool of garlicky marinara, comes with a side of spaghetti.
The service sucked--we didn't get bread, our eggs were cold, and their brunch prix fix does not include an alcoholic drink.
When a meal starts with bad bread, you know you're in for a long night.
Most dishes are smothered in melted cheese or merely mediocre; flan is flat and pedestrian, drenched in tasteless sugar syrup; and even its supposedly best feature - the margarita - is a hit-or-miss affair.
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.
I felt the chef was using truffles too much just to cover up mediocre food.
To finish, the cost of the dinner was over-priced.
In Short The few window-front tables fill quickly, but most customers prefer not to linger in the nondescript space, in favor of taking their Thai food to go, or phoning in for delivery.
On the top of everything at the end of the dinner the waiter gave us the wrong check.
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.
The staff were very friendly, the prices were relatively average, not bad, and the food was great.
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!
After dining there twice, all the waiters will remember you and what you ordered the last time you were there!
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).
It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.
The Scene Unpolished but cozy, with red walls, arty sconces and deep, comfortable booths, Raga calls little attention to itself.
This is the place to come for coffee and dessert; they have an enormous and decadent selection of cakes, pies, and other things involving chocolate.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
The atmosphere is bland and non-descript and the service is fine.
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.
Service was good, the waiter was a little flip, but we can deal with that.
Meals generally begin in a pub-food vein, with appetizers like featherweight, perfectly salted fried clams and brown sugar-lacquered ribs that are good enough to take on any barbecue joint in the city.
Waiter ignored us, never asked if we needed anything, never received a dessert menu or asked if we wanted coffee, or even the check.
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.
The last three times I've called (in addition to asking me to wait for a long time before taking my order), they've given me grief about asking for delivery even though my address is clearly within the map printed on the menu, just because the delivery guy gets mad if he has to go out of his way.
Food is mediocre, except for Mushroom Custard and Foie Gras in Fire Ice.
The prices did not reflect the quality of the meal.
Among the entrees, choose the stellar mole--deep, thick and chocolatey--blanketing tender chicken or poured over a chicken enchilada rather than the dry arroz con pollo.
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.
A few years ago I would have rated it much higher, but now - with other better choices such as Candle Cafe, Good Health Cafe and others, the dated menu, crowded atmosphere are spacey service is not the greatest choice.
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.
When I requested a specific beer on the menu, the waiter said they were all out of that one and kept pushing the only available beer, which I didn't want.
About the food we had a little difilculty keeping the orders straight ,the menu has too many choices,but the server was very helpul and suggested de paella valenciana which was extremele delicious.
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.
The Kitchen is only separated from its patrons by glass is immaculate and the service is undeniable heartfelt.
The food came cold and a sauce that came with one of the dishes had developed a skin.
WHile the seafood by the pound was the freshest I've had in a while, I was pleasantly surprized at the other entrees available on the menu-- Delightfully presented!
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.
Specials are likely to encompass such exotica as wild Scottish venison and free-range Australian lamb, or seasonal items like springtime's Hudson River shad roe.
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.
The food was a meal I could find anywhere else in the city for a better price.
Overall,it's a good place to have dinner and hang out if you do not mind waiting for food,weird music and rude manager.
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.
And for families they have high chairs and waiters were really nice to my kid.
Once seated we were greeted by a very rude waiter who threw menus at us and then snatched them away as we were ordering.
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.
There are 1 or 2 vegetarian dishes, but the sides platter has a bit of everything, so you get the full flavor of Latin American food.
I had blackened salmon and my fiance had chicken marsala.
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.
Our waiter was pretty much non-existent and when he did come to our table he practically tossed our plates and wine glasses in front of us.
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.
Its definitely recommended to make a reservation on the weekends, since its difficult to walk-in and get a table.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.
There were three parties of two standing in the front entrance looking like bumbling idiots while not a single host, waiter, or manager attended to us.
One of my friends told them it was my birthday and the staff relally surprised me when their came to me singing with the mexican hats and a dessert with a candle on it.
I am not good with using chopsticks and asked for a fork, instead the owner insisted that I try using a chopstick an made me an easy-to-use chop stick right there on the spot!
If you want to have fresh grill fish served just with virgin olive oil and lemon Telly's Taverna is the place for you.
After asking several different people find our waiter, he returned to say he couldn't find any wine and begged us to order sake instead.
In addition, they lack basic ammenities like a toaster, and the decor was shabby, at best.
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.
so back to the Napoleon was pretty yamie but over deep fried.
The owner walks around barking at his employees every chance he gets, and makes everyone--customers and staff--nervous.
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.
The hostess was snooty since we did not have a reservation but the rest of the dining experience amply made up for it.
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.
The problem is that if you want anything to continue the meal, if you need an extra minute to go over the menu, or if, horrors, you want the check, you might be in for a lengthy wait.
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.
The shrimp and lobster bisques are very good, but serverd in styrofoam cups which will affect the taste if not eaten quickly.
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.
From soups (love the pumpkin corn bisque), to sandwiches (gilled cheese is my favorite), to the hot food that's mostly asian influenced, and salads that even include seared tuna, there's something for everyone.
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.
Got a table during restaurant week for lunch and the service was cordial, if slower than usual.
But despite that our dinner took far too long to be served.
We were here for lunch and were seated promptly in the bright, comfortable dining room.
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.
The waitress was slow and had to ask the kitchen first every time we asked her about anything on the menu.
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.
The baked goods are all pretty good, though the bagels are a touch stale and dry.
The guacamole was below average compared to any other decent Mexican restaurant.
The waiter never came back to check on us or refill coffee, he got one of the orders wrong, and we both left wondering what we were going to eat when we got home.
After making reservations 1 month ahead, they sent us to the bar when we arrived, you know to get you out some extra bucks because they had available tables at the moment.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese.
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.
On the menu says Free delivery (Minimun order $10) but I was charged a couple of dollars on both opportunities.
I got fed up waiting that I went to get the check and paid for it at the counter where my waitor was busy flirting with the cashier.
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.
The decor is like a brasserie and has a fairly laid-back atmosphere.
The SUM IT: Dim sum standard fair, noodles ok, other dishes ok.
The only thing I didn't like was the bread that came to the table before dinner.
Beautifull people, and a dj that was making me just want to stay and drink more!
The Dinner seating scheme is unintelligible with many tables left empty while guests and servers jab and jostle in the narrow entrance; most of the former not informed of the restaurant policy that allows you to place your name on the dinner list and then return hours later to claim your reservation.
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.
I had the first pasta listed on the menu and it left me craving the taste again for days after.
Coffee served without sugar/milk and took more than 10 min to catch the waiter to ask for it.
The host greeted us warmly and eagerly and the wait staff was just as receptive.
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.
(they should if you are willing to spend $400 on dinner) if the owner of this restaurant saw how the staff was acting he would fire ALL of them.
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.
Items are a la carte, so if you order lamb chops, that's all you get.
Beautiful Chilled seafood platters (and I don't eat shellfish) that would make a Kosher person convert!
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.
The waiter was rude to my friend when she asked for a small plate to share an appetizer.
The chips and salsa are good, but the meal is not worth the wait.
Oh, you should have seen the look on the waiter's face when we told him we didn't want any coffee after the meal.
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)
The service was not great, the wait staff were not clear on the ingredients and or preparation details of the meals.
Food: Bland and unoriginal, despite the creative writing in their menu.
Upon his arrival the staff checked in his bags and put them in the storage room, but when my bf asked for a check-in ticket, the host refused to give one and threw the bags back at us.
Odd, traditional and clashing decor will only detract from your experience if the square box layout or perma-draft through the pane glass door doesn't get you first.
After all that, it is average food at best with huge bill at the end.
The outdoor garden more than doubles the dining space and is tented in winter.
But even on New Years, when they were busy, the owners took the time out to visit our table frequently, even pouring us drinks herself from her own creations.
The food was very good but portions were small.
Both times, however, I endured lazy service, old bread, overcooked pasta and sour wine w/my meal.
I ate here once for dinner, and once for brunch, and both times I was very impressed with the quality and uniqueness of the food.
Waitress kept trying to get us to order more drinks while apologizing but wouldn't even bring bread to keep us from starving.
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.
After some good food and spotty service, my friends and I were surprised to get a bill that had a 20% tip included post-tax.
Got 2 apps that were delicious and the bartender made some strong drinks, he could have at least smiled said my girl, but his service was great with our orders.
Everyone around me was eating stuff that wasn't on the menu and looked tastier, but the waitress didn't bother to suggest any of these things, even when asked for suggestions.
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.
Their dumplings have a LOT of chicken in them.
The atmosphere was fun and if you sit by the window, there is a lot of people-watching to be had!
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.
After a few minutes, seeing we were without menus, a slightly more pleasant waitress approached us and explained that the manageress had asthma and wasn't in a good mood.
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.
from the pad thai, pad see yu, to the duck dishes and of course to the ubiquitious thai tea and coffee, Rice delivers good quality, affordable and pretty darn authentic Thai food in a city known for fusing it with every other imaginable combination.
after dinner we went downstairs atmosphere was completely different , nice crowd , we stayed there more time than expected.
Since the waiter NEVER checked on us during the meal, she never had the chance to ask for hoisin.
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!
The service was punctual, having been asked for our drink orders even before opening our menus.
Despite the servers' best intentions, it's easy to feel rushed while perusing the menu -- an awkwardly large blackboard.
Our waitress brought him a regular coke instead of a diet coke, and the salsa had OIL floating at the top.
My mouth almost dropped, and for good reason, when the server brought my sandwhich and side of macaroni.
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.
I have never paid so much at a dinner in my life but we also got very nice 3 bottles of wine.
The food was scrumptious-not the usual wedding.
The food was not gourmet fare it was perfectly fine burgers, salads and pasta.
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.
I have dined here for over 20 years and I know the management will NOT compromise the cuisine for any haute trendy fare.
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
He, however, gave great service even though he just brought our food since they didn't have a runner.
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.
it was really good, but i also mistakenly chose the lobster course as my entre and it turned out to be the same dish as my appetizer (but warmed).
After I have my dinner I try to talk to the manager and let him know that he had very good workers and that he should be more considerate with them and the answer that I got from him was (THey can leave I don't care).
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.
Also had to ask the host for our apps becasue our waiter was never around.
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.
loved everything from the ricotta cheese they put on the table to the osso bucco with risotto, wish i understood their menu its all in italian, not good for a sweed.
Food was ok, appetizers were expensive compared to the cheap main dishes.
They lost our reservations and the manager quickly came over and apologized and then gave us a free round of drinks and free dessert.
Wonderful service, not too long a wait for tables, price is right - in a word, go!
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.
There are some unusual items on the menu like the salted popcorn that comes with appetizes and the Yucca potatos that come with some of the meals, foo foo drinks, but overall, I enjoyed everything about this place.
You dont have to be a connoisseur to know damn well that cutting a steak up just permits the juices to flow out that much quicker, leading to dried out, colder meat.
i've been here for brunch twice, and the food's not bad -- was getting sick of teddy's and relish every weekend.
To be fair, I realize I was there for lunch and that the food is probbably better at dinner service when a full kitchen staff has arrived and prepped, but I doubt I'd return to find out with so many other options in the neighborhood i already trust.
Our server was a delight, she helped guide us through the menu with honest insight.
Have the kitchen split as an appetizer its signature cheese and linguini pasta that is curled in a large round cheese bowl that look like a giant candle right at your table.
The food was no better then average, and the waitress rushed us through our meal in less then an hour ( drinks, appetizer, entree, desert).
And like all McNally hot spots, it crackles with energy, particularly from the groups who gather to share a bite in the bar.
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.
I would definately recommend it everyone, even if you aren't a red meat fan, my friend had the pasta and completely cleaned her plate.
My advice is to head south to Chinatown where you can get better food at half the price and that communal dining experience too!
For dinner I had their lobster risotto (phenomenal).
26 seats also has the most reasonable prices in NYC, it is a true gem.
The wine did not come until we were half way through our entree and the waitress overcharged us by a bottle of wine.
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.
Food is served simply but quickly with a smile.
from the white sheets that hang when you come into the restaurant, to the gorgeous marble communal table in the center of the bottom floor, to the great atmosphere upstairs at the bar.
fresh fish, huge selection of hot entrees for those that dont eat sushi- and LOTS of rolls and appetizers for sushi lovers.
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.
The presentation of some of the dishes and desserts were great but taste and quality of the food was sub-par especially for the prices that we were paying.
The thin organic burger lacks the flavor of a prime beef patty, requiring add-ons like cheese (cheddar, Swiss or soy-based), bacon (maple-cured or faux) and grilled onions.
As well, I haven't eaten animal products in over 6 years and the waiter was not sure which dishes had honey or casien in the food.
Also some other appetizers, like the snow crab or the steak, lobster, can't tell which one was better!But would recommend to go with the tasting courses.
The Food Meat is the name of the game here, especially if you are a fan of mutton: the legendary chop is rightly gamey and thick as a brick.
I have never been to an establishment that boasts traditional French service that basically throws food at you; waiters not only reach across the table but drip wine and water all over their diners.
We had reservations and were seated immediately, got a nice table by the window.
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.
The bartender has a nasty attitude, and it took a party of two 1 1/2 hours to get seated while party after party of the hosts 'friends' were given seating immediately.
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.
Forget Brunch- there are usually people waiting outside, although the brunches are delish as well!
The bar is small so come close to reservation time.
Maybe it was because we went during the restaurant week lunch special, but the service was not impressive at all and the food was okay, but not great.
The seafood salad was yummy as was the filet of sole stuffed with crabmeat.
The french fries are soggy, the service is so/so and while it looks like a cute little homestyle cafe you'd find in SF, the food is below average.
The waiter brought us the desert menu, and when we refused asked if we were really sure we didn't want anything.
Service during dinner was alright, but one's perception to a restaurant usually starts from the very beginning: the entrance.
My two best friends took me to Cafe Gray for my birthday and by the end of the dinner, they were apologizing for the poor service and so-so food.
As for dinner, my favorite is the steak frites or the crabcake.
In addition to Pizza, Dani has great homemade Ravioli and Maniccoti.
complaints were shrugged off and service was slow, causing the dinner to go on for over 2 hours.
If you go in, make sure to listen to the unbelievably loud microphone that the folks at the counter use to dictate orders to the cooks who stand about two feet behind them.
Although the decor is lovely as usual, service has detiorated.
It is a thick drink which almost taste like a cream of rice.
My partner had ordered an appetizer that was no longer available; the waitress did not inform us when reviewing the specials.
The other food they serve is also very good, but the pizza keeps calling me back!
The brunch is $12 and includes unlimited pound cake (homemeade) and mimosas, and complimentary OJ.
The waiter brought the wrong food and charged us for food and drinks we didn't order.
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
After a 21/2 hour lunch in which our displeasure was apparent, we didn't receive an apology or an explanation from the waiter or manager.
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.
For entrees, we all had the steak frites and it was to die for.
We showed up and waited 30 minutes in line 30 minutes to get our drinks -after we asked twice, the service was the worst I've had in nyc.
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.
The decor reminds me of Miami nightclubs, and we sat in a cool communal strip, where you share your table with people.
Food was cold when it arrived, waitress would vanish for 30 minute periods before reappearing, wrong side dishes were served, meals improperly cooked, and the manager failed to apologize when confronted.
Last night the wife and I went for the daily 5pm-7pm $18 prix-fixe, which included choices of appetizer (my stuffed mushrooms were delicious), entree (rigatoni for me, chicken for her), and dessert (tiramisu and zeppoles).
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.
The food was delicious; the service was a little slow, but it didn't seem TOO bad (maybe becuase of the martinis I consumed while waiting for my table).
The bagels here are so good that to put cream cheese on them would be an injustice.
some old drunk guy who claims he is an American born in France seems to be a regular at the bar, he sat down next to us, listened to our whole conversation then started aggressing us verbally, and the waiter took the longest time to intervene.
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.
For dinner I order linguine w/ red clam sauce, the pasta was perfect and the sauce was flavorful but the clams tasted funny so I ate around them.
There is no bar so therefore no place to wait except the lounge that was packed so after wondering where to stand the hostess grabbed us.
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.
Great inexpensive meal for lunch or for dinner.
The wine list was small but had a nice variety.
The waitress came to our table once for our order, but then we were tended to by who I thought was the hostess.
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.
Don't go here for sushi, but for one of the other lovely seafood dishes, i.
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).
Try the fresh ricotta cheesecake with a beautifully buttery crust and fresh raspberry topping, or the chocolate and Kahlua mousse, with a gelato-like consistency that pairs wonderfully with vanilla ice cream.
The crab croquettes were fried and completely lacking in crabmeat, our meat appetizer was dripping with grease and mostly fatty, and our main course was mushy rice drowned in some sauce with the consistency of baby food.
first of all, the hostess was not pleasant and had a bit of an attitude when seating us.
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.
Take out and delivery is next door and usually will be better if you are looking to get your food faster.
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.
Service was a treat from my French (Canandian)waiter who knows more about wine than anyone waiting on me in NYC in a long time.
We then split some appetizers as the portions are large - the calamari salad was fantastic.
I haven't had the pasta, but the appetizers, salads, and entrees (especially the steak and lamb) are extraordinary.
We could not believe that the owner only laughed and continued serving him drinks.
Get the Steak, get the Ham Fried Rice, Get the Braised Fish, Get anything Pork and Ham, Appetizers are good too.
A+  was planning a party for my staff, and was treated rudely by another restaurant when trying to add more people to reservation (a simple no would have worked).
We waited at the bar for only 10 minutes (we had a reservation) - can't complain about that, the restaurant was full and I enjoyed the lively atmosphere and music.
The specials of the day are the way to go.
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.
The manager also managed to insult one of my dining partners, even using an expletive to mock his last name when returning his credit card.
Service at the bar was fine, just as you would expect.
the staff prefers to watch TV in the main dining room infront of their waiting customers then serve their customers.
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
The menu goes on to include some of traditional greek favorites but each has a twist that will suprise and delight you.
If you're tired of the long waits for table at nearby place, then head to Moutarde for a delicious meal that won't keep you waiting.
I even overheard the one waiter argue to the host about that and then they conveniently switched to speaking Spanish.
I don't claim to know enough about authentic Italian cuisine but the food is good, provided they have the menu item you order.
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.
This seems to be a big hit and draws a large crowd, so be prepared for a wait.
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.
Gobo's scallion pancakes are a bit dry, and the beet salad is low on beets, but the majority of dishes, especially those showcasing vegetables, are delicious in their simplicity.
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.
We wouldn't have had a problem with this if the burger had actually been tasty but even with the foie-gras, cheddar cheese, apple smoked bacon, leaks, etc.
Since it's a small place, it's best to get there early for dinner as the wait can be quite long if you don't make a reservation.
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.
The manager finally came by to apologize and offered to give us a greek salad on the house.
The was very little if any seasoning on the meat, and the outsiside has nice sear marks and a rich taste.
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.
She asked for only a glass of water, and the waitress refused, to her face, twice.
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.
Philippe should re-train their wait staff to communicate with one another and better orchestrate the timing of food service.
This is a busy spot from 1130 AM to 130 PM M-F but you never have to wait more than 5 minutes for a table, unless you have a large party, thanks to fast and friendly service provided by the waitstaff and kitchen.
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.
The Food The meal begins slowly, with a plate of excellent garlic knots.
I have been there for dinner and the food is even more spectacular.
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.
And the paella for two is actually too much food for two!
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.
From the space shuttle trip entrance to mars, to the molecular regenerator exit to earth, it was all an exquisite dining experience.
However, you're bothered by things like sub-par food (don't get the cajun fries), waiters who hate you and anything that looks like you, close proxmitity with strangers, and cheap talking and singing skelletons, do NOT go.
Asked for recommendations, waitress said read everything on the menu which already wasn't to unique.
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!
The un-customer-friendly manager comped us NOTHING for waiting for room temperature food, so we stopped ordering drinks.
We told the waitress we'd like the fries hot with our main courses but she only ordered more once the rest of the food had arrived so we didn't get them until we were half way through.
hard to work a buzz with the server taking so long between every round, but worth trying the signature african rum cocktail and happily surprised they had our favorite white - sancerre by the glass at this japanese restaurant.
I have been a vegetarian for over 10 years, I do eat cheese but when a person is on a diet it is so hard to enjoy PIZZA.
Our waiter brought the wrong dinner for me (shrimp provencal instead of the salmon) but then comped my meal with no question.
Def, Def try the green papaya salad for an appetizer.
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).
One friend's pizza arrived about 15 minutes before the rest of our meals (the remainder of our entrees did not even arrive at the same time), and our waiter half-heartedly apologized for the delay while rolling his eyes.
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.
When my friend's chicken salad sandwich arrived, she noticed a nice crust, and it wasn't part of the bread.
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.
When I asked the waitress she told me it was because I ordered pancakes.
After reading other reviews I was expecting poor service and ambience but was pleasantly surprised by our more than helpful waiter.
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.
When we went, the wait staff did not talk to us about any of the specials/the menu etc and handed us our bill while we were still eating.
The raspberry/marscapone-stuffed pancakes are so divine it's actually worth putting up with the rude and incompetent service.
There are deli items and cookies as well, but I just can't tear myself away from the bagels!
Those waiting inside to get a free table and waitresses carlessly walking by only served to make matters worse.
Downstairs is an entirely different scene: There's a fireplace with sofas and comfy chairs set around it, and a bar off to the side.
I understand its a very busy night of the week but it is unacceptable that I was hung up on by the hostess twice (I also called back and she refused to answer the phone for 15 minutes) and was told that I should have picked up my food instead of having it delivered.
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.
Service was ok, took a while to order even drinks.
If I had a car, I'd go there more often, but I live 35 blocks away and don't trust carrying pastries home on the bumpy crowded B41 busline.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.
Go for brunch - it's sure to please for those who like their eggs spicy!
I have had occasion to go to this establishment several times - a few times for dinner, and once for Saturday dimsum, and I must say that while I felt slightly intimidated by the fact that I was one of the few non chinese speakers there, the food was rather good.
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.
Try a traditional latin favorite like Arroz con pollo (yellow rice w/ chicken red bell pepper) but meat lovers should definitely not miss out on the churrasco!
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.
The service was warm, but it took forever to get the check.
We had to ask for water even after we were asked what type we preferred, and then the busboy spilled it while he was pouring it out.
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!
as an appetizer we had some amazing citrus shrimp and for our main courses we each got a pasta dish.
Their food is delicious and they send you cut up oranges to cleanse your palate after dinner which is a very nice touch.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.
The hostess was inefficiently seating people and disappeared for minutes at a time, letting the line grow to 15+ people waiting to put their names on the list.
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).
After ordering my dinner and having it come to the table totally wrong, the manager argued with me over whether my meal was correct or not, and further argued that the mushrooms in my dish were really the eggplant that I ordered.
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.
I had the pasta special, which had tremendous amount of seafood.
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.
(The band is positioned in front of the windows, in a space roughly the size of a living room.
Their seafood is fresh-- have their fried soft-shell crab, or their whole fish with red chiles and basil.
i've had better mashed potatoes from a box, and the vegetables were soaked in oil.
Their Brunch must be good too if it's Sangria included.
) Service was good not great, waiters stood around,didn't ask how everything was.
I've eaten dinner here quite a few times and the sushi/sashimi has been very fresh on every occasion.
Compared to New York prices, the menu seems reasonably priced (it is not cheap like Fridays, but is reasonable compared to top quality food experiences in this city).
Adding insult to injury, the waiter had to ask for the wine bottle by number (where are we?
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.
With only 2 tables occupied in the whole place, the waitress spent her time behind the bar and only came to help us when we got up and asked her to.
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.
Additionally the bar upstairs is picturesque and spacious, even though the techno music is horrible.
For entrees, we had the chicken with string beans, steamed stripe bass with ginger and soy sauce, fried rice with chives (which I LOVED!
Our Peruvian waiter was very nice, and the food was ok, but forget about ordering an expensive bottle of wine there.
We sat at the bar so the service wasn't too bad.
The dessert was as good as the waiter said it would be.
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.
This time, I ordered the tasting menu and the only two dishes I enjoyed were the squab and the sorbet.
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.
Although almost the entire back room had tables available, the owner made people wait to be seated while dragging waitresses around by the arm and loudly telling them they were doing things wrong.
It is a nice diner atmosphere, they have booths all around and a couple of middle tables.
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.
The clientel, however, make it a scene for creative, talented people--inlcuding a soon-to-be-famous theater director who used to waitress there!
We were not offered bread and the host did not apologize until we asked for another update 45 minutes later.
Looks like an ordinary pizza joint from the outside, but the back room has excellent, cheap Italian food, and the owners and workers couldn't be nicer.
To make matters worse, the waitress followed us out, and demanded that we leave a better tip.
The bartender had offered us ONE beer on the house for our troubles.
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.
Even the expensive (11-20$) fru-fru drinks lacked flavor and quality ingredients.
SKIP THIS PLACE FOR LUNCH, BUT MAKE SURE YOU GET THERE FOR DINNER.
the roll was great as usual but the salmon was old the tuna did not look good at all.
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.
We orderes and our food took about 1 hour to get it, after the long wait.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Where else can you go to get freshly made Italian food at ridiculously low prices?
The waiters are very kind and helpful, and I regularly get something on the house - coffee, dessert or a drink.
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.
The food was good, the service was fine, and the place has a lot of visual atmosphere, but I would not go back unless I was stuck eating with someone I didn't want to listen to.
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.
The hostess did not verify/review the menu prices with us nor did they inform us of the logistics of the brunch.
For every simple winner like Newport steak with pistachio salsa verde, there's an overconceived braised lamb with cinnamon, olives and cilantro or a meek salt- and pepper-crusted shrimp with citrus slices.
The front desk person gave us quite a struggle to find a good seat.
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.
Nothing too special about the location or the atmosphere, but DAMN, the pizza is good.
At our table we didn't get any bread until 30 minutes into the seating, which may I emphasize the waiter took really long to come to our table, about 20 minutes.
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.
Be warned that this place can get pretty crowded, though the $3 bloody mary's at the bar and the killer DJ make the wait more than bearable.
I did not like the place because: -it took the waiter over 20 min to take our order and then over an hour until we got our food.
Then the waiter came back for our food order at 10, and we hadn't received our drinks yet.
The waiter did not take a drink order from us.
OUr waiter was a little confused about how to serve champagne.
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.
Also, be wary of what time of the day you go; around dinnertime, the restaurant becomes a jungle of diners and hustling waitresses.
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.
All in all this is a place that attracts people of all races, colors and economic status, as I noticed suited clients as well as hippies, or soiled clothed laborers who stop in for a quick good meal or a business lunch or dinner.
When one purchases a bottle of wine, it's fairly common practice for a server to come by and refill your glass, but not the case here; 2.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
At the end of your meal they bring a fortune cookie and an orange or pineapple slice.
Our waiter was less then welcoming when taking our drink orders (apparently he doesn't like beer or milkshakes).
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.
Flavors range from standards to hard-to-find Italian options, like tiramisu, hazelnut and zuppa inglese.
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.
We would have to flag down the bored looking wait staff to refill our tea.
I HAVE HAD LOBSTER IN FINISTIST RESTAURANTS IN MANHATTAN AND I NEVER TASTED IT AS GOOD AS RIZZO.
The food OK (DRY fried chicken, overcooked pork, great mac and cheese) I dont understand the high rating.
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.
Not just that tapas was small portions (duh) but, for example, $10 piggy-back dates only came with 6 little appetizers.
The california roll was too big and overfilled with imitation crab meat, so it's not the best I had.
Their delivery of fresh hot pizza.
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.
The food is excellent so long as you like Austrian cuisine.
It's a place for the owner staff's friends, so if you're not one of them, you're in for a wait.
The ensuing dinner was definitely worth the wait; I'll be dreaming about chef Jodi Williams' extraordinary fried squash blossoms for a long time.
Besides the price, here are some other annoyances: bleaching the floors during the dinner and automatically charging you 20% gratuity on your credit card without your knowledge.
All my favorite dim sum, especially the flaky pastry that contains either curry chicken or roast pork.
the pizza is a no-brainer, and the dinners are drastically underrated.
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.
the hostess really underestimated the wait time for outdoor seating and never apologized, and our waitress was apathetic and unattentive.
I have been coming here for several years and know that the staff and bartender would be there with my favorite drinks and dishes I like to eat and drink on any given night.
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.
During the weekend nights, the crowd is full of 20 somethings (in which a few look much younger) and is almost Coyote Ugly style where ladies are dancing all over the bar.
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.
decent, if greasy, fishsticks, but served on a mound of soggy fries that could feed about 5-6 people!
The waiter returned and said the bartender refused to take my drink back because there was nothing wrong with it and I would have to pay for it.
The food was certainly fine, although prices were high by any standard, with dinner for four being over $300 without drinks.
Not only did we have to flag the waiter down every time for every course or request, but they spilled our drinks twice all over the table - and once was hot tea.
Our waiter didn't know the menu or the ingredients.
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.
) My date and I were greeted by the host and informed there would be a slight wait.
The restaurant was recently taken over by new managment and, having eaten there under the prior management, I can say that the quality of the dishes has improved.
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.
If you've been out partying and have a yen for quality Korean food at 3:00am, there's a table waiting for you at Kang Suh Restaurant.
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.
The Food There's no need to slump into a well-known comfort zone of teriyaki and udon.
The staff didn't even tell us (college kids) about the prix-fixe special, but the pair of older adults sitting next to us took advantage.
The ceviche had way too much onion which masked the flavor of the fish.
Wonton dough filled with gently steamed and seasoned pork are common but add this amazing soup to the wonton, seal it and serve it steaming hot and the dumpling becomes new again.
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.
I have been dining at Narita for 6 years and have thoroughly enjoyed every meal.
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.
The prices were very resonable when you don't factor in the cost of beer (which seemed to be on the high side).
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.
To enhance the dining experience, there is a live jazz band, which further isolates you from the world outside the gates.
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The pasta, chicken and veal dishes are one of the best values in town, almost always served with bread and salad (and pasta for the meat dishes).
We first got a table next to a VERY loud speaker and had no view, but the waiter was kind enough to move us when we asked.
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.
We had the 5 course tasting menu and had the waiter select a perfect bottle of wine to go with our selections.
The daily fresh fish can be remarkably good, served in a variety of combinations, ranging up to the omakase chef's choice dinner.
I arrived with one other person at ~8:30 on a Wed night -- the hostess was very kind and showed me the reservation computer which showed that they were completely booked.
Meals not served at once and service was inattentive and forgetful.
My friends and I made plans to go out on Friday for some good latin food and decide to go to Yuca Bar since we've been there for brunch and we love it, we figured dinner has to be good.
Yet, it still took over an hour for us to get our food, which was alright; my nephew said his tortellini tasted like Costco, they even forgot to bring my beverage.
Fish and tomato sauce both have great flavors and the dishes are under $20.
They have recently fired their staff and brought in new people who dont even know how to serve a beer, I might add you are on average paying $6.
It was well past 8 pm when they finally got us the check, and we asked for free rounds of champagne to compensate for the poor service (since the wine dinner had started, and were denied.
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.
Don't know about the rest of the food, but the burgers are one of New York's hidden treats.
we told our waiter to make five selections for each of us, and he decided instead to charge us for each glass separately instead ($80 instead of $20).
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.
The only other negative, we found the waiter to be slightly pompous, and when I asked him some very basic wine questions, he was lost.
Not only did the food take an eternity to come out; but the waiter never checked in, explained the delay for the food, or refreshed our drinks.
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.
The food's ok here, but AVOID this place for brunch, dinner or any other time!
For dessert go with the flan as the chocolate cake was not too moist.
Unfortunately, service was slow and when our server noticed we had not received our entree he comp'ed us two delightful margaritas - AND charged us only for appetizers , thereby cutting our bill in half.
The owner promised my party a table and bottle service and took care of it immediately as we all arrived.
You wanna wait a hour for a cramped table to eat mom's macaroni and cheese?
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?
Please, please don't waste your money (85 cents for a slice of tomato on your overpriced sandwich.
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.
What made our visit extra special was that we didn't have room for dessert at the end of our meal (the pasta was so amazing we just kept eating), our waiter suggested we come back after our show, which we did.
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.
Two minutes later, the waitress said we NEED the table, you can not have the appetizer that you ordered.
Grabbed a lunch here on a weekday and it was reasonably priced, well-portioned and generally well-prepared.
Fortunately, unlike many Mexican joints, the abundance of cheese never tastes greasy, and portions are filling but not overwhelming.
Thought I didn't have reservations, the hostess politely informed me that it would be a 45 minute wait and we were actually seated in 40.
The waiter never once came back to our table to ask how our meal was OR if we needed another drink.
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
The food and our server(s) were very very excellent, prices were very good, but she's just left a horrible taste in our mouth both times.
My one recommendation is try not to geta seat by the door, there is a large brass bell that people like to whale on when they leave the place.
Although all of the menu items and specials always sound tantalizing, we often end up ordering the pastaless eggplant lasagna and the gnocchi souffle.
the service was very slow and his knowledge of the menu wasnt that good.
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.
I would feel different if we were just drinking water and eating cake but we had 20 people drinking multiple overpriced beverages AND one friend had called ahead of time to find out about the cake and no one ever picked up the phone.
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.
We waited an hour for our appetizers, (I suspect the waitress forgot to put in our order because the restaurant was not busy) and then the entrees came at the same time!
After they were done poking and prodding our food, the waiter took it right from their table and tried to give it to us.
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.
The portion size / price combo makes it expensive if you're really hungry, but we went for a late dinner.
Still the bill was close to $300(with 1 bottle of lower-priced wine).
We have been waiting for months for a 8pm reservation at this very average restaurant.
bartenders management and at first were a bit disappointed with food.
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.
If you hate waiting for a table, then get take-out just around the corner next door.
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.
I had to chase down our waitress for the food and the bill.
the sushi is so-so, the 70s orange-themed atmosphere is 2000ish, and there is no reason for the staff's attitude.
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.
Be careful with the waiting list- the hostess skipped over our party on the list as we sat waiting for a table, for over an hour.
we literally waited for over 45 minutes to finally getting our sushi which was pretty simple rolls.
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.
You cannot beat having the waiter spooning butter over your steak before you are served!!
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).
the setup is cool with pool table and chill area in front and dining on side and back.
It's a quiet crowd but if you just want to relax, get a bottle of wine and some great tapas, this is the place.
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?
Small dishes, a bit pricier than you'd pay in Miami or LA, but the atomsphere is on the sexy side (however pared down) and its cozy.
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.
The collard greens were tasty, but in too much liquid that made it seem more like a soup.
The greens were ok, but probably were too salty for those who don't hail from the south (I do) or don't have access to authentic southern cooking.
Mussels in bread pot, homemade ravioli filled with things like swordfish and truffles, orange-ginger shrimp and pizzas from a wood-burning oven in back are all recommended.
The bar area was fairly crowded but service remained friendly and efficient.
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.
The atmosphere is classy with salsa music in the background.
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.
The atmosphere is nice - it's all dark wood with the bar in the front.
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.
Even some of the staff that was working that night was served their dinner before my table got our dinner entrees.
When we sat down - our waiter did not know what to recommend - neither food nor wine.
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.
And Mondays fajita are half price all night.
After being treated like we were at Nobu by the hostess, our waitress brought us our check before we even asked for it and denied us a 2nd round of drinks because.
There is always a fun and friendly crowd at the bar, mostly locals, if you just want to come by for happy hour.
Unfortunately, the food along with the unhelpful service doesn't make up for the atmosphere.
I did not find the wait staff to rude at all, how involved do you really want them in your meal right?
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.
The wine list is good, and overall it is not too expensive, though, and the atmosphere is very dark and brick-covered, much like any damp basement.
The cranberry sauce was unrecognizable in taste.
The waiter was attentive but not overbearing and gave good recommendations on the cocktails.
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.
) Scores of employees walking around, but no one seems to clear a plate or offer more drinks.
Within 10 minutes of being seated at our table, the hostess asked us if we could move.
before we could say anything, one waiter picked it up while another brought a knife to our table on a platter.
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.
Order a beer and then sit and wait for the steamy, salty soup dumplings that burst with a snap.
He may be a little hard to take, but he knows how to run a kitchen and put together a creative menu.
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.
We were seated next to some obnoxious women who bogarted the server's time and attention, so he bought us drinks.
If you order the platters all of your typical Indian side items are included so it is a good value.
Eventually another waiter cleaned up the table and allowed us to sit there.
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).
the space is very comfortable - they don't rush you - you don't have a server holding your bill in their hand asking if you'd like anything else.
Its not kept frozen, but close to room temperature so you get the real taste of the ice cream and not just the ice.
THE SERVICE WAS CIVILIZED INFORMATIVE;WE NEVER FELT RUSHED , EVEN THOUGH PATRONS WERE WAITING TO BE SEATED.
We had to wait 30-45mins after we were already seated to get our orders in, waited what felt like an hour to get our food, was not given utensils with our dinner (had to wait for that too), and had the wrong dessert brought to our table and never remedied even after we brought it to the waiter's attention.
Sure, you can sit back and watch the celebrites pour in, or sit at the bar, and watch true masters create old world sushi, and new world rolls.
None of us were able to get drinks in a timely fashion, and the bartender was EXTREMELY rude to us.
For appetizers, we shared summer rolls and spring rolls - they were good, not great.
He is a gracious chef who comes to the table and greets the guests.
Just look at all those people waiting outside to feat in an unadorned space of cramped shared tables?
The appetizers were tasty and the snail ravioli quite adventurous, however the main courses were quite bland and even though the steak was featured with mustard sauce it really was just plain stone ground mustard.
There is no pretention here, no tofu, no foie gras, and no vegi burger, just a straight forward burger with great meat cooked perfectly.
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.
I asked one waitress if I could change tables and she didn't say no outright.
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.
I have to say the seating at the bar and dining areas are very nice and the service is exceptional.
The waitstaff is nice, but is pushy and seemed irritated when we did not order an a la carte side vegetable (we already had a cheese plate, appetizers and ordered 2 entrees).
The East Side is a little fancier and larger, but still a Wonderland with the same great food, scones, cakes and more - a dinner menu and drinks like Mar-TEA-nis.
It's also a good place to unwind after dinner and have some coffee and cake.
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!
For as busy as this place is, the owner could afford to hire additional servers.
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.
The food is average, at best (I have been repeatedly underwhelmed by the mediocre fare) and the service is only good if Elaine is within range.
overall the food we ordered (pancit luglug, chicken adobo, romy's ribs, lumpia shanghai, a bowl of green soup that resembles the polyjuice potion harry potter drank) was not screaming with taste.
She walked away in a huff, and had the BUSBOY pass on the same message: you can't order coffee because you've already paid (have these people never heard of someone changing their mind?
Their pre-theater prix fixe was a cut above the rest: appetizer stand out - Duck breast with mushroom canelloni.
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.
However, the wait was worth it, the food was just great - make sure you have the tuna.
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
It's listed under appetizers, but it's definitely filling enough to have as a meal.
Our dinner took over two hours because of the slow service.
Service is wonderful- I've sat there for over 3 hours at dinner and never felt rushed to leave.
My first and LAST visit included a waiter telling me We're casual- pour your own wine and then handing me a check with a place for the Captain's tip.
In my experience, Olympic Flame, a traditional NYC Greek coffee shop, offers good value for one's money in terms of food cost but passable to rude service, depending on who you get.
The price is cheap - 5 dumplings for $1.
the waiters had a really hard time remembering to bring drinks, and when they did they were not what was ordered.
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.
I was intimidated by the menu - which is entirely in Italian, and the wine list - which strictly lists Italian wines, but my waiter - Nathan - was quick to help.
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.
I had a burger which was great and my wife had a steak.
I had a decent chicken sald w olives, red peppers, and croutons.
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.
The Scene Bo Ky is a Vietnamese no-frills noodle shop with some 30 different soups.
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.
At the end of our meal, I approached the waitress and asked that they not charge us for the $25 appetizer.
the Sangria is sooo perfect, I can't have one glass, the Chicken is always moist and delicious served in a portion I have yet to ever completely finish.
Bar BQ will knock your socks off with every entree (pulled pork and the ribs -- go full rack, kid, it won't do you wrong) and the homey taste of the sides (love that slaw, them beans, and all that tater salad) matches up perfectly.
My mom I take it to go eat in our car across the street--the BBQ Pork Rice another favorite, Duck Soy sauce chicken rice!
Try the Bocadillos to start and don't forget to order a Mojito from the bar (they're the best!
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.
Although the prices are kind of high for lunch the atmosphere is nice.
I used to eat there two meals a day until my company moved to stupid Madison avenue (UGH, nasty food for rip off tourist price!)
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.
I've had the same steak at Peter Lugers for double the price.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
YYMV, we visited for Restaurant Week so the quality of the food may have been below normal standards because of the crowds.
When we asked the waiter for water - he gave us dirty looks and it took at least 15 minutes to get it.
Many meals were delivered by two servers, besides having a waiter to oversea the process.
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.
We picked on a bunch of different appetizers as dinner and everything was yummy.
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.
Chef Richard is always eager to please, and will be happy make something special 'off the menu' if you ask.
The chick pea/eggplant dish was quite bland, and the saag paneer was a huge disappointment--more like some kid's worst experience of creamed spinach with tofu-like cheese.
I took a friend for dinner for his birthday here and the food was amazing.
Not in the mood for sushi, try the fantastic okonomiyake.
This coffee shop offers many varieties of food.
I thought the service was a little slow and not attentive enough for the price but other than that I'll be back when I can afford to spend $60 on dinner!
The birthday girl's dessert included a candle the staff came by with birthday wishes.
Some of the things we ordered were The Duck Spring Rolls, Lobster and Goat Cheese Quesadillas, Wild Mushroom Ravioli and the concluded dinner with a steak special that was out of this world.
The downside is that perhaps due to rice's eclectic nature, the chef has trouble cooking any single type to perfection.
My friends and I dropped by on a Sunday, and there was absolutely NO SERVICE (the supposed only female bartender even told us there was no one else but her, and given that there were people in there waiting to dine and drink, that was ridicoulas!
We loved the recommendation for the wine, and I think the eggplant parmigiana appetizer should become an entree.
Other than that, for $30 person you will have one of the best meals and that included a bottle of wine.
I realized that you dont have to wait hours and pay crazy prices for food.
For dinner, I love the churrasco and halibut with of course black beans and yellow rice.
Was there for dinner last night, and the food was great.
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.
Service is coddling and correct and there's no sense of hurry, so diners linger over a cheese course or a round of liqueurs.
USC has a cold smoker and smoked the avocado in order to make the dish more complex.
